What are the challenges in wireless network forensics?
What is the difference between digital forensics and network forensics?
Write any three techniques used for carrying out investigation?
What is dynamical network forensics?
How is it implemented?
What is the role of forensic agent in it?
Explain Kismet in brief
SECTION-II Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) What are the various phases in multi-tier and hierarchical process model?
Which are the recent trends in network forensic?
What are the various classifications of network forensics?
Discuss merits and demerits of Wireshark
What does HIPAA stands for?
What are the four main purposes of HIPAA? 2
Discuss various types of IPR in detail. 3
What is the purpose behind development of ISO 27001?
Discuss a planning process of | ISO 27001 specification in detail. 4
Discuss organizational responsibilities for monitoring and maintaining ISMS. 5
What is information security?
Describe several schemes used for levels of information classification with example. 6
Define various approaches to determine the context of your organization ISMS in relation to ISO 27001
Discuss ISMS security objectives
What is information risk management?
Discuss Key elements of the ISO 27001 risk assessment procedure. 33 What is information security policy?
Discuss various components of any security policy
Discuss various objectives of PCI-DSS. 2
Justify statement organization should conduct intemal ISMS audits at planned intervals
Q-4 | What is information ethics?
Define need for ethics in information security, (06) OR Q-4 | Discuss various IPR in India
SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) What is Snapshot?
What are Pros and Cons of taking Snapshot during Malware Analysis Process?
What do you mean by Persistence Mechanism?
Discuss different Methods to achieve persistence behavior
Write a short note on Process Explorer
Write a note on Inetsim and Wireshark
Write a note on Sandbox?
Also mention Pros and Cons of using Sandbox for Malware Analysis?
Give at least 3 examples of Sandbox
Discuss goals for malware analysis and thumb rules for malware analysis
What do you understand by term Malware?
Discuss about various types of Malware (At least 8 different types)?
What are the four main purposes of HIPAA?
Bi Discuss various types of IPR in detail. = 3s What is the purpose behind development of ISO 27001?
Discuss a planning process of ISO 27001 specification in detail. 4, Discuss organizational responsibilities for monitoring and maintaining ISMS. 5: What is information security?
Define various approaches to determine the context of your organization ISMS in relation to ISO 27001. 7
Discuss HIPAA rules and regulations
Discuss Key elements of the ISO 27001 risk assessment procedure. 3
What is information security policy?
Discuss various objectives of PCI-DSS. 2 Justify statement organization should conduct internal ISMS audits at planned intervals. 3 Discuss Communications and operations security management in detail
Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) Write a note on virtual Machine with diagram?
Discuss various types of Network available with the virtual machine, Write a Note on Process Monitor Write a Note on Faking a Network, tools used and its significance, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) Write a Note on Credential Stealer?
Also explain what Hash Dumping is? ; Explain what Reverse Shell in detail
How android o/s works?
Explain its architecture
Describe any five control of android
How Burp suite works?
Describe in detail
Describe android startup process
What is Content Provider Leakage?
How to identify it?
Which are possible ways to extract sensitive files with packet capture?
What is an Activity?
Describe its lifecycle. 2
What is the use of Android Manifest file?
Define with example
Describe Android Debug Bridge (ADB) in detail. we ai Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) 1
How APKTool works to reverse an android application? 2
What is passive analysis? 3
Define HTTPS Proxy interception. 4
Explain android filesystem partition. 2
How to logging the logcat?