Discuss about goal of Malware Analysis and write down thumb rules for Malware Analysis?
What is Packed and Obfuscated Malware? 3
Explain the Structure of Virtual Machine with figure
Discuss about advantages of using Virtual Machine for Malware Analysis. 4
Write a short note on Wireshark and InetSim
Write a short note on Keystroke Logging. 6
What is Malware Analysis?
Explain various techniques of Malware Analysis. 7
Explain various tools used for malware analysis
Explain Antivirus Scanning and Hashing and its importance to Malware Analysis
What is Malware?
Discuss about various types of Malware
Differentiate Static, Runtime and Dynamic Linking. oh Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) 1
What is snapshot?
What is the advantage to take snapshot during malware analysis?
Write down steps to take snapshot in VM?
Write a short note on AndroidManifest.XML file in detail
Why ADB is important in Android?
How to analyze active and passive analysis in android app?
How to use AFLogical to extract contacts and text messages?
Describe Android filesystem partition
Write a short note on Edit Text with all types
Answer the following: (Any Two) What is reverse engineering?
How to reverse an Android application using APKTool?
Write a short note on Content Provider Leakage. 7 What is HTTPS Proxy interception?
Answer the following: (Any One) How to extract sensitive files with packet capture?
Describe logeat in Android with detail
Discuss the pcapng dump file format
Explain the network forensic process models
What is the Steganography? discuss any tool in brief
Explain the honeynet-based frameworks in brief
Explain the distributed systems-based framework. 2
Discuss the data mining-based framework in brief. 3
Compare Network Security and Network Forensics. 3s Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) 1
Describe the features of NetworkMiner. 2
Explain any one network Sniffing and Packet analyzing tool. ..3....Write the short note on Xplico, i a . <a 4, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) 1
Discuss the packet capture format. 2
Discuss the TCP/IP protocol suite in brief
Explain benefits of ISMS in detail
Discuss various Key contexts of ISO 27001
Explain Internal organization of information security in detail
Discuss PCI DSS with all benefits
Discuss classification of information in brief. an 2 SS NY Explain ISO 27001 certification process in brief SECTION-IL ai Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) 1
Discuss various needs for information security in brief. 2
Discuss various stage of PDCA cycle in brief. 3
Discuss Network security management in brief. 2
Discuss Internal ISMS audits in brief
Write a short note on HIPAA. 4, Answer the following: (Any one) (06) 1
What is Intellectual Property Rights?
Explain advantages of IPR 2