SECTION- I 1 Answer the following: (ANY FIVE) (30) A) Why is Java called platform independent?
Explain in detail
Explain type conversation and type casting with example
What is Thread?
Explain different ways to implements thread with example
Explain benefit of generic?
Explain generic in detail
Explain dynamic array with example
Explain in brief lambda expressions
What is phaser?
Differentiate between abstract classes with interface
What is exception?
Explain in detail. 3 Answer the following in detail: (ANY TWO) (12) A) Explain in brief collection framework
What is package?
Explain in detail C) What is method and constructor reference in lambda expressions? 4 Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (06) A) What is executer?
Explain with example to implements parallel programming fork/join framework?
What is DBA?
Explain DBA
Explain any five-aggregate function with example
Define having by and group by with example
What is indexes?
Explain benefits of indexes
Explain the Dr
Write different between RDBMS and DBMS
What is E-R model?
Explain E-R diagram with example
Write a short note on normalization? per
Explain SQL Logical Operators with example
Write difference between unique Key and primary key
Differentiate EXIST and NOT EXIST operator. a)
Explain view with example. 2
Write short note on spooling
SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any Five out Seven) What is System?
Discuss the Element of the System
Write a short note on System Development Life Cycle
Write a short note on Fact Finding Techniques
What is DFD?
Describe the different symbols & rules of DFD
Discuss Data Capture and Data Validation of Input Design
Write a short note on Form Design with its types and guideline
SECTION-II Answer the following: ( Any Two) Who is System Analyst?
Discuss the role of System Analyst
Explain characteristics of System
Define Terms: Structured English, Decision Table, Decision Tree
Differentiate White Box Testing & Black Box Testing
What is Testing?
Describe the Level of Testing
Discuss the case study on Project Management System