SECTION-1I Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) What is data structure?
Explain the types of it
Write down algorithm for Deque insert and delete operations
Explain different tree traversal method with example Give the difference between SMA and DMA
Write down the algorithms for all stack operations
Explain binary search with example
Explain selection sort with suitable example
Write down algorithm to insert a node at the beginning of the single link list
Explain Threaded tree What is sequential search?
Explain with example and algorithm, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) Explain bubble sort with example
SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) What are the differences between CUI and GUI?
Describe DIR command with all attributes
What is mail merge?
Write down steps for mail merge
Discuss importance of Freeze Panes and Drawing Tools in Excel
What is Excel?
Define features of Excel
Discuss features of PowerPoint
Discuss Data types of Microsoft Access
What are the difference between internal Vs. external Command
Explain Microsoft word’s features in detail
Discuss Mathematical functions of Excel
Discuss the Find and Replace Text function of Excel, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) Describe steps to creating Database in Microsoft Access
Discuss different elements of Microsoft Access, ad
Define System and Characteristic of a System
Explain Need for System Development, List out various Fact finding techniques and describe any one in brief. 2. 3 4
Explain various level of Testing in detail. 5
Explain testing process in brief
Explain Decision Table in detail
What is DFD?
Describe Symbols Used in DED with Example. 2
Write down Difference between Physical and Logical DFD. 3
What is System Analyst?
Explain Role of System Analyst. 3
Explain various types of codes in brief. 2
Explain data validation in detail. 3
Explain white box and black box testing in detail. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) 1
Draw Case Study for Hospital Management System, 2
Draw case study for Railway Reservation system
Explain various data types in Oracle
Discuss aggregate functions
Discuss GRANT and REVOKE statement in detail
Explain Advantages of DBMS. 2
Write short note on Join Dependencies. 3
Explain Primary key and Foreign key with an example 2
Discuss DDL commands we Explain various types of joins. 4
Explain Index in detail. 2
Discuss Sequence syntax with an example
Explain Features of OOP. 2
How StringBuffer class is different from String class?
Discuss any two methods that is not available in String class
What is Throwable?
Explain try, catch finally, throw and throws
What is method overloading?
Explain with example Explain with example Vector class
S 2: S = What is the use of Lambda expression?
In Which Version of ‘jdk Oracle introduced this features?
Explain in brief block lambda expression. 7
Explain phaser in detail
Why java is platform independent language?
Explain JDK,JRE, JRE, JIT 2
Which are the ways to implements thread in java?
Explain with example. 3
Explain access specifier in java. 3s Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) 1
How to create object of Calendar class?
List out any six constants of Calendar. 2
Explain method reference in lambda expression, 3
Differentiate HashTable and Vector
Explain HashTable in detail 4, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) 1
Discuss fork/join framework 2
Explain executer in detail