What is data structure?
What is Stack?
List out the operations of Stack
Write algorithm to Push an Itinto the Stack
What is simple Queue?
Write an algorithm to Insert and Delete Operations of simple Queue. §
Explain AVL tree with example
What is DFS?
Explain the algorithm for DFS. 7
Write down the algorithm of Quick sort, and short the following sequence Number using quick sort: 5, 3,8, 1,4, 6, 2 and 7 SECTION-IL 2
List out the stack applications, and Write a recursive algorithm that finds the Fibonacci no. 2
Describe singly linked list, write an algorithm for search operation. 3
What is Tree?
Explain types of Tree data structure with example. 3; Answer the following: (Any 2) [12] 1
Write down the Pre-Order algorithm and example for BST
Explain BFS traversal and write algorithm for BFS
Explain types of linked list data structure and explain any one linked list in detail. 4
Answer the following: (Any 1) [06] 1, What is sorting?
Explain the Bubble Sort with suitable Example. 2, What is queue?
Explain types of queue with example
How StringBuffer class is different from String class?
Discuss any two methods that is not available in String class
What is Throwable?
Explain try, catch finally, throw and throws
What is method overloading?
Explain with example Explain with example Vector class
What is the use of Lambda expression?
In Which Version of jdk Oracle introduced this features?
Explain in brief block lambda expression
Explain phaser in detail
SECTION-IT Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) Why java is platform independent language?
Explain JDK,JRE, JRE, JIT Which are the ways to implements thread in java?
Explain with example
Explain access specifier in java
Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) How to create object of Calendar class?
List out any six constants of Calendar
Explain method reference in lambda expression
Differentiate HashTable and Vector
Explain HashTable in detail Answer the following: (Any One) (06) Discuss fork/join framework Explain executer in detail
Discuss Dr
What is E-R Model?
Explain components of E-R Model
Explain 2NF and 3NF
Explain Oracle Data Types
What is Join?
Explain with example and list out types of it
What is Sequence?
Explain keywords and parameters of Sequence
Discuss Role of Database Administrator
Explain Fifth Normal Form in detail
Answer the following: (Any Two) What is Constraints?
List out types of it and discuss any two Constraints
SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any Five out Seven) Who is System Analyst?
Discuss the role of system analyst
Write a short note on structured English
Discuss the fact finding techniques: - Interviews and Questionnaires
Discuss the difference between physical DFD vs. logical DFD
Draw as well as explain elements of DFD in detail
Explain principles of code design in brief
Explain characteristics of system in brief
Discuss seven phases of the System Development Life Cycle
Discuss difference between White Box Testing Vs
Discuss Level of Testing in detail
Discuss Case Study of “Hotel Management System”
Discuss the structure of Linear Programming Problem. 2
Find the optimal allocation of the sales persons to different region. 5
Define Terms: a) Unbalanced Transportation Problem b) Who invented the term of Operations Research? c) What is RIM Condition? d) MODI Method is also known as 5 e) Which method used to find out Penalty? f) M+N - 1= Allocation is known as 6
Discuss mathematical model of Assignment Problem
Discuss the step of Processing N Jobs on 2 Machines
SECTION-I ie Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) a) What is Environment?
Define the Scope of Environment. b) Define Terms: Ecology and Ecosystem. c) What is Water Pollution?
Define different effects of Water Pollution. d) What is Air Pollution?
Describe classification of Air Pollution. e) Write a short note on Global Warming & Green Houses Effects f) What is Disaster?
Discuss Disaster Management Cycle. g) Explain the role of Insurance Company in Rehabilitation
Answer the following: (Any Twe) (12) a) What is Noise Pollution?
Define sources of Noise Pollution. b) What is Acid Rain?
Discuss effect and solution of Acid Rain c) What is Hazard?
Explain types of Hazards. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) a) Describe the role of Police in Rehabilitation. b) Define the role of Non Government in Rehabilitation