What is code window?
Discuss C# program structure with example
Describe Check List Box control with its property, methods, and event
Short Note : A) Execute Reader, B) Execute Non Query, C) Execute Scalar What is MDI-Form?
Discuss briefly
Explain Solution Explorer and Server Explorer in detail
Answer the following: (Any Two) What is Inheritance?
Discuss its types with example
Explain any two Dialog Control in detail with example
Discuss Jagged Array briefly with example
Write a C# code to perform insert operation into a database
What is recovery?
Explain recovery types. 2
Discuss twelve problem of distributed database. 3
Explain Package with its Advantages. 4
Illustrate general architecture of Moving Data. 5
Explain any six SQL* loader commands. 6
What is procedure?
Explain is with suitable example. 7
Discuss conditional statements in PL/SQL with syntax
Describe deadlock control mechanism. 2
Explain The Generic PL/SQL block. 3
What is cursor?
Explain Explicit cursor with example. 3
What is exception?
Explain User defined exception with example. 2
Discuss types of trigger with cxample. 3
Define data pump?
Explain import and export. 4
What is SQL*loader?
Explain SQL*loader datatypes. 2
Describe fixed-width columns in SQL*loader
What is the difference between jQuery and JavaScript?
Discuss the features and advantages of jQuery
Explain different CSS properties for the same
What is the use of text(), htmlQ and val() in jQuery?
Explain with example
Explain various classes of Bootstrap to create different styles of table
What is the use of jQuery utility function?
Discuss any five utility functions with example
What is callback function?
Explain the use of callback function with example
What is media query?
Explain different uses of media queries and break point with example
What is Ajax?
What are the different methods to send an Ajax request in JQuery?
What is the use of selector in jQuery?
Discuss any four selectors with example
Write a short note on Bootstrap Grid system
Explain different border properties of CSS3
Discuss different classes to create navigation menu and navigation bar in Bootstrap
Explain the OSI model in brief
Write the short note on IPV-+ Discuss the pure ALOHA and slotted ALOHA in brief
Explain the concept of message switching in brief
Discuss the TCP connection in brief. 7 — Give the introduction to cryptography
Discuss any two network-connecting devices in detail
Explain the flow control and error control in brief. wn Q-3
Explain the SMTP with all its components in brief