Explain Solution Explorer and Server Explorer in detail. 3
Describe SaveFileDialog and ColorDialog briefly. 4
Discuss Jagged Array briefly with example. 5, Elaborate the concept of constructor and destructor in detail. 6
What is ADO.NET?
Discuss its architecture. 7
Explain TextBox and ListBox controls with its property, methods, and event
Discuss .Net Framework Architecture in detail. 2
What is Error List Window?
Explain Ci program structure with example. 3
What is MDI-Form?
Discuss bricfly. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) 1
Write a C# code to perform insert operation into a database
Explain The Generic PL/SQL block
What is exception?
Explain User defined exception with cxample
Describe fixed-width columns in SQL* loader
What is procedure?
Explain is with suitable example. 2a °° = What is cursor?
Explain Implicit cursor with example
What is recovery?
Explain recovery types. 2
Describe deadlock control mechanism. 3
Discuss conditional statements in PL/SQL with syntax. 3
Illustrate general architecture of Moving Data. 2
Explain Package with its Advantages. 3
Define data pump?
Explain import and export. 4
What is SQL*loader?
Explain SQL*loader datatypes. 2
Explain any six SQL* loader commands
How can we set the viewport? 2 Each section should be written in a separate answer book 3
SECTION-I 1. ‘Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) 1. | List out the selectors in jQuery and explain any six of them. 6 2. | Explain $.ajax() and its all properties with proper example. 6 3, | What is the use of transition property in CSS?
Discuss all properties with example 6 4. | Differentiate Adaptive v/s Responsive Web Design. 6 - “5, | How one can create an alternate and a striped progress bar in Bootstrap?
Discuss 6 different classes for the same. [ 6. | Explain different classes to create navigation menu and navigation bar in 6 Bootstrap. 7, | What is media-query?
Discuss various device break-points of media query. 6 SECTION-II 2
Also, 6 differentiate html () and text(). 19, | What is an AJAX?
Discuss various technologies involved in AJAX. 6 in 3. | What is callback function?
Explain the use of callback function with suitable 6 example “3. | | Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) lite) Explain flexbox layout and different filters of CSS3. 6 J 2. | What is the use of container?
Explain different classes to create different types of 6 containers in Bootstrap. | 6 Answer the following: (Any One) (06) 1
Define Software Engineering
Describe the characteristics of Software
Discuss about Prototyping Model. 3
Discuss the advantage and disadvantage of waterfall model. 4
Discuss various consequences of NOT ‘esting a Software. 5
Explain in detail about Software Maintenance. 6
Discuss about Verification & Validation. 7
Write a short note on CMMI
Discuss various challenges of software engineering. 2
Explain Process Pattern with its type. 3
Discuss software myths with an example
Discuss the components of Requirement engincering proc! 2, Write a short note on business process enginecring. 3
Explain flow oriented requirement modeling
What is Design Model?
Discuss Data Design Elements 1
Discuss in detail about alpha and beta
SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) What is Software Testing?
Define advantage of Software Testing
Describe RTM in detail
Write a short note on Black box and White box Testing
Discuss Performance and Security Testing in detail
Write a short note on TPI model
Write a short note on Web based Testing
What is Defect?
Describe origins of Defect
Write a short note on STLC
Discuss Form level validation and Filed level validation
Define Test Strategy and Test Plan in details
List out Testing Types
Answer the following: (Any One) (06) What is Software Quality?
Define Taxonomy of Defect
Explain Defect Life Cycle