Describe the main difference between IPv4 and IPv6
Define these keywords: Routing, Routing table, MAC table E. — Give the full form: DR, BDR, BGP, LSA, CIDR F
Define network security and its threat
Describe VLAN and its usage in brief
Explain subnetting with suitable example. 2
Answer the following: (ANY 2) (6) What is link-state routing protocol?
Explain any one with example
Describe: Port vs Socket C. — Explain OSI layer in brief 3
Define these terminologies: LAN, WAN, WLAN B
Describe: Router vs Switch vs Hub C
Define : Static route, Default route, Ethernet 4, Answer the following: (ANY 1) (5) A. — Explain naming convention of IPv6
Define these keywords: VPN, ACL C. — Explain NAT and its type
Write a short note in DNS hierarchy in detail with proper example
Explain the client server architecture in detail with proper example
Explain DORA process in detail
What is the difference between symmetric Key v/s Asymmetric Key Discuss the L2TP and PPTP Protocol of VPN
Write a short note on type of windows firewall profile
Write a short note on DNS zone types. 2
Write a short note on IP-Address
What are the differences between IPv4 and IPv6 protocols?
Describe SELinux in brief. ay Pp S How to configure Samba service?
What is DNS?
How DNS server Works?
Explain SMTP, IMAP and POP3 Email protocols in brief
What is encryption?
Explain encryptions with Redhatlinux. 2
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (05) Explain Netfilter architecture in brief. e Qs & > What is the importance of file permission?
How to change file permission?
Explain with example. 3
What is DHCP?
Explain DHCP configuration in brief
Discuss features of Apache HTTP server. 4
Explain basic configuration of mail server. @ B
What is the role of the NSS?
How to identifying files in Linux? 2
Discuss the Linux Execution Environment. 3
Describe if...fi statement and if...else...fi statement with example. 4
Describe [d, rwx, rwx, rwx, +] characters in Linux. 5
Explain Recursion function with example. 6
List out BASH keywords. 7
Explain Linux Components in brief
What is Linux?
Describe its features. 2
Explain these commands: pwd, Is, cd, mkdir, rmdir Q-3
Describe for loop with example. 2
Explain Arithmetic Expression
Discuss the commands: touch, rm, cp, mv, rename. 2
Explain these keywords: exec Q-5
Give the full-form of these keywords: CGI, YUM, CLI, psql, TCP, UDP yr ) 2
Describe Client-Server and Peer-to-peer terminology
Discuss the Advantages and Disadvantages of wireless Communication. 2
Explain a cellular system in detail. 3
Write a short note on ISM band. 4, Discuss about the different types of UNII band in detail. 5
Explain Progression of WLAN architecture. 6
Define about Active scanning and passive scanning in brief. 7
Explain WLAN topologies. 8
List out major wireless attacks
Explain any one in brief
Discuss about wireless Communication and Discuss its types. 2
Define the term of radio frequency and Explain its characteristics. [B] List out different antenna types
Discuss FHSS in brief. 2
Discuss various access point configuration mode. [B] Full form of DSSS
Discuss any two in brief
Il What is Patch Terminology?
Why should we install patch?
Ill Explain perimeter security in firewall. 4, Answer the following: (Any two) (8) I What is GNOME?
Explain in brief
Explain it