SECTION.I 1.(A) Do as directed.(1) TPC-A and TPC-B(2) 2PC (3) Anomalies(4) Data Consistency 2.(A) Questions.(Any Trvo)(l) Describe BCNFwith exarnple.(2) How index is useful for search Query?
Describe with proper example.(3) Explairr Architecture for Parallel Database. 3.(A) Ansrver the follorving Questions.(Any Trvo) ( l) Describe Conceptual schema Tuning.(2) How to update Distributed data with Replication.(3) What is Functional Dependency?
Explain in brief.(08) (l l) (l l) SECTION.II 1.(A) Do as Directed
What is Exception?
Give suitable exarnple of it.(3) What is Cursor?
Explain Expticit Cursor. 6.(A) euestions.(Any Two) ( l) What is PL/SQL Trigger?
Explain rypes of Trigger.(2) Explain components of pLlSeL packages.(3) write a PLlsQL procedure whicrr gets number.fli"om user and send square of number to calling block.(08) (l l) (l l) (P.r.o)1. 2. i )\ (3) (1) t2i {3) M.C.A
SECTION-I Answer the foltrowing (1) What is UML and where can the UML be used?
What do you understand by Multipliciry?
Define Iterative and incremental Process
State the putposes of making a model
Explain interface, type and role with suitable example
Discuss UML basic building blocks in detail. /rnslver the fcrliorving i.{ny Two) Bxpiain the Ci;mmoir l'{eciutrisms in the UL4t Discuss the stereotypes rhat can be aprplied to ctrepeiidency relationship amotig ctrass diagram, packages and use cases. w'irat a.re the pu{poses of class tliagrarn
Draw a class diagram ot Library M*ragement System.{1U (I I)(s8) T' SECTION.II Answer the followiag (1) What is Forking ? @ Define swimlane
Define Pattems
What do you understand by Framework
Any Two) (1) What do you understand by Use Case Diagram?
Draw a Use Case Diagram for Online Course Regishation System
What do you understand by Sequence Diagram?
Draw a Sequence Diagram showiag the flow of control involved ia initiating a simple, two- party phone cal1.(3) Discuss collaboration diagram with a suitable example
Answer the fallowing (Any Two) (1) What do you understand by Activity Diagram?
Discuss Activity Diagram with a suitable example
What is component?
Discuss types of component aad compcnent diagram in detail
Discuss deployrnent diagram with a suitable example
END SF FAPER.t?r (s) 2(08) (11) (11) M.C.A
I[ours] Q-1. 1 1 J 4 Q-2 Q.3SECTION-I What do You mean by intent?
Give names of toots available in SDK List out all dialogs Explain options menu. .(Any TWO) Explain and Draw,diagram of activity iifecycle Describe : Auto compl eteTextview and MultiAutocompl eteTextvi ew Short note on: Architecture of Android OS .(Any TWO) List out types of animation?
Explain Frame by Frame with suitable example
What do you mean by resource?
Explain arrays and Boolean types
Write a difference between style & theme(8) 1 1 1 5 1 1 J 1 J lPageP.T.OI Q-4.SECTION-II Write the permission for the followings: 1
USE Internet How to read and write a data inrfrom fire in android?
Explain (Attempt any Two ) Implement cRtrD operation on follou,ing table with data t1,pes assumptions Table_Exam (Paper No, Paper_Name, Total_Marks, Obtain_Marks) Show different ways of loading data in web view. what is Preferences? where preferences are stored?
Explain with code (Attempt any Two ) List out all content Provider and Explain contact provider in detail
Implement the code for Sending the SMS in Android using JAVA What is NDK?
Write down merits and demerits of NDK(8) 3 Q-s5 (1 1) 5% (11) Q.62 aJ 1 2 J5% 5% 5% 5% 5% ili;ee -- Hoursl Q-21. . 2
Explain any one with example in JavaScript. 3 Explain different data types with example in JavaScript 4 Explain types of Popup Boxes with example
List out types of loops in Java Script
Explain any two with example in Java Script
Explain Location object with properties and methods using example. .(AnY TWO) Explain different form validation with proper example Explain getEl ementByld and getElementsByCl as sName wiih proper example
Explain covered queries and Analyze queries in brief
Explain Data types of MongoDB. what is Relationships?
Explain Embedded Relationships and Referenced Relationships with proper example
Answer the fo"llowing(Attempt any Two ) Vi hat is Covered Query?
Explain it with proper example. write a short note on ensurelndexO and aggregateO and sort 0 Method With proper Example
What is conditional operator available in MongoDB ?