Explain diff-erent adornments of Association relationship
What is roor and leaf class?
Explain how to dralv a class cliagram for a system rvith its corrrron uses. 3
Explain Actor and Usecase
Explain Forking and Joining
Explain Arrifacr and Node
How relationship of a, interface and a crass can be srrown in UML?
Explain activity diagram with suitable exarnple
Draw sequence diagram for onrinepurchasing system.(b) Explain Deployrnent diagram with suitable exarnple
ANY TWO) , !1,- --.---,^ (11) (1) Explain nr-ray object,w-nn properties-and methods with example' iri Explain ttrree kind of lq?.'p boxes with example' (3) Exptain g"tEt"runteyrd0 and getElementsByClassNameo methods with examPle' 3
Howcan*".hung"htmlelements?Explainitbyfollowing' element. attribute ele ment. stYl e
P ro PertY(oB) !, ( 11) (P.r.o) ' SECTION.II (1) Explain ensurelndexO rnethod with use, syntax and examples.(2) Explain LimitO method with use, syntax and examples.(3) Explain SaveO method with use, syntax and example.(4) Explain comma.nd to create and drop MongoDB Collection.(oB) ( 11) with their use, syntax data of some specific proper example. aggregateO Method with (ANY TWO)(1) Explain following conditional operations and examples.o Less Thano Less Than Equalso Not Equals(2) What is Projection?
How can we display fields using findQ method?
Explain with(3) Explain $sum and gavg expressions of use and examples
ANY TWO)(1) What is MongoDB?
Explain Collection, Document and Field with proper example
What is Objectld?
Explain it with proper example
Explain Insert Document and Delete Document with example, -----x-----x-----(11) (2) (3) 2
Draw an Android architecture. 2
Any TWO) l. \\/hat is.{ctii,ity'?
Discuss allthe events of android activity life cycle. 2
Give exanrple of Options ancl Context menu in your activity. 3
What is Dialog box?
List out types and Explain any one.Remedial APril- June 2018 (08) (1 1) (l 1) SECTION - II Q - 4 Ansrver the following. l
I{ow to send data fi.om one activity to another activity?
Explain. 2" What is pennission?
Explain its types with suitable example" Q - 5 Altsrver the lbllorving
Describe: Cohtent ['rovider 2
What is WebView?
Explain all ways to browse data frorn WebView. 3
Write a short note on Android NDI(' Q - 6 Attsrver the follon'ing
How to r.eacl ancl rvrite a data in/tl'orn file in android?
Explain, 3
Holv call yoLt sencl / receive SMS frorn your application?
Explain
SECTION-I Ansrver the follorving: (i) What is Norrnal Forms?
List out the Nonual Forms
ii) What is Decomposition?
Explain in brief
iii) Define term : Clustering,lndexing (iv) What is Physical Database Design?
Explain Choices in Tuning the Conceptual Schema
What is Database Workloads?
Explain the Distributed Concurrency control
Write a short note on Distributed Recovery
Wirat is a deadlock?
Anslver the follorving: (i) Give the difference between SeL and pLlSeL(ii) Explain the Data Type of pL/SeL in brief.(iii) What is cursor?
List out tlie attributes of cursor"(iv) List out built in Exception handling.rF QI (8) s
What is Eror Handling?
Explain types of Error Handling in pLlSeL
Explain The Generic pLlSeL Block structure with example
Define term: Save point and Rollback.(10) (1) (1 0) (1)(A) Ansryer the following: (Any Trvo)(i) What is a trigger?
Explain trigger rvith suitable exanrple.(ii) What is a package?
Explain package with exarnple"(iii) what is procedure?