Be precise and to thc point in your answer April -June 2023 State the types of scope in Group Policy?
Any One) What is IPv4?
Explain the classes of IPv4
Explain event log in brief
Describe the advantages of filc server
List out the editions of Windows Server 2008 R2
Give the full forms of following terms: DFSR, HTTPS, RAM, NTFS
Any One) What is zone?
Explain the primary zone of DNS
What is computer nctwork?
Explain local area network in brief
What is DHCP?
Describe the feature of DHCP
Write a short note on FTP
Write a short note on Microsoft Remote Desktop Web Access
Describe the uses of Hyper-V
Describe the features of WSUS? . | (15) (04) (04) (03) (04) Hrs.) Iustructions: (). 7
Discuss the lub Sivitch and Router in Network Terminology
Explain the physical, Data-ink and Network Layer of OST mode
Discuss the Asynchronous Iransfer Mode (ATM ) in Network Terminology Q-2
What is computer Network?
Explain the need and advantage of Computer Network
Explain the internet Intranet and Extranet in detail with proper example
Write a short note on LAN and MAN. 0-3
Explain the Mash and Star Topology in detail
Explain the Design issue of Layers in computer network
Discuss the Presentation and Application Layer in Detail
Write down a short note on X.25 Protocol
Explain the terms of Bridge Repeaters and Gateways
Discuss the concept of wired and wireless network with example. | Q-5
Any Tvo) What is lP Address?
Explain the different class of IP with its range
Explain the FTP and SMTP protocols with its proper use
Discuss the Client Server Model with its advantage of it. tND oF PAPEe (30) (05) (08) (08) (09) 1
Explain Arithnietic Operators and Logical Operator in java
List out data type of java and explain it
Give the differences between while loop and do...while loop
Explain try, catch and finally block in Exception. exan1ple of to implementing interfaces
What is Intertace?
How to Defining and extending interfaces?
Explain the following terms: (ANY 1) What is Method Overloading?
Explain it with suitable example
What is Type Casting?
Explain it with example
Write a short note on JDK in details
Explain switch statement with example
What is Method Overriding?
What is Constructor?
What is an Inheritance?
Explain the types of inheritance
ANY 1) What is an array?
How to create and initialize an array?
What is package?
Explain it ENp What is Exception?
Explain types of error with example
Give difference between DBMS and RDBMS
Differentiate TRUNCATE Vs DELETE What is Constraints?
Explain Primary Key and Unique Key with example
Explain any five String Functions with example
How to create a new User using SQL?
Explain GROUP BY and HAVING clause with example?
II What is TRANSACTION'? explain ACID properties of Transaction
List out problems of concurrent execution of transactions?
Give Full Forms: II List all DML commands and explain with appropriate example. i) DCL ii) DQL i) SQL (ANY ONE)
II What is JOIN?
Explain Inner JOIN with example
What is Sequence?