Any Six) (30) 1 Discuss the Different types of Roll of DBA. 2 What is DDL?
Explain the 3 command of DDL with proper syntax. 3 Explain BCNF with example. 4 Discuss the basic structure of DBMS. 5 List out different types of joins
Explain inner and self join with example. 6 — Explain serializability of transaction. 7 Explain how to create new user, assign password, change password with example. 8 Discuss the sequence with example
Any Two) (07) 1 Explain Recovery with Proper Example. 2 What is normalization?
Explain 1st and 2nd normal form with Proper example. 3 Explain SQL with naming rules and convention
Explain DML with its 3 commands with proper syntax
Discuss the Revoke with Proper example
Discuss the set command with example
Explain index with its all options
Any Two) (08) 1 : 2 3 What is view?
Explain with suitable example
What is Computer Network?
Explain the use of Computer Network. 2
Write a short- note on wireless network. 3
Describe OSI Model in brief. 4
Define the terms: HTTP and HTTPs, SSH 5
What is WWW?
Explain in brief. 6. | Write a short-note on Line Configuration. 7
Describe Twisted Pair Cable in brief. 8
What is Subnetting?
Explain in brief
Describe the types of Computer Network. 2
What is Topology?
Explain the types of Topology
Any Two) (08) 1, What is IP Address?
Explain the class of IPv4 Address. 2
Describe the difference between TCP and UDP. 3
Explain TCP/IP Model in brief
Describe the term Intranet and Extranet. 2
Give the full forms: STP, UTP, SMF, NIC. 3. | Write a short-note on Ethernet Card
Explain Computer Network Architecture in brief. 3
Describe the difference between ICMP and IGMP
Answer the following: (Any Five) What is Active directory service?
Write purpose of Active directory
Explain FQDN and DNS namespace with figure
Write down limitation of IPV4
What is permission and explain its types
What is terminal services?
Explain modes of terminal service
Explain routing, types of routing and router
Describe Windows Server Update Services and its operation
Explain DNS server with its lookup types
Write note on Group policy
Answer the following: (Any One) What is FSRM?
Explain disk quota with example
Explain Hyper-V with its requirement
Answer the following: (Any One) How VPN server work?
Write down the components used in VPN