What is computer network?
Explain any three types of computer network with example? 2
Describe the types of scope in Group Policy? 3
Describe the services provided by Active Directory Domain Services? 4
What is DHCP?
Explain the feature of DHCP. 5
What is Microsoft Remote Desktop Web Access?
Explain in brief. 6
Write a short note on disk quotas. 7
What is event log?
Explain in brief
Describe IPv4 in brief with its classes. 2
What is DNS?
Explain the Hierarchy of DNS in brief
Write a short note on FTP?
Describe Active Directory Domain Services in brief?
Write a shot note on terminal server. 2
What is Virtualization?
What is remote desktop?
Explain on brief. 2
Describe the features of WSUS
Any Five) (15) What i's computer network?
Explain any three types of . . . com) ample?
Describe the types of scope in Group Policy? puter network with example’ 1 2. 3
Describe the services provided by Active Direct . : 4
Explain the feature of DHCP, Dain Services? 5
Explain in brief, 6
Write a short note on FTP? 2
Describe Active Directory Domain Services in brieg) Write a shot note on terminal server
Explain on brief
Explain Relational Operators and Logical Operator in java. 3
What is Constructor?
Explain it with suitable example. 4
What is Type Casting?
Explain it with example. 5
Explain try, catch and finally block in Exception. 6
What is Method Overloading?
Explain it with suitable example. 1 What is Interface?
How to Defining and extending interfaces?
Write the short note on StringBuffer class
Explain the following terms: (ANY 1) (07) , 1
List out data type of java and explain it
Explain while loop with example. 2
Explain nested if statement with example
Explain final keyword in detail with suitable example. 2
What is an Inheritance?
Explain the types of inheritance
What is the use of super keyword?
Explain it with example. 2
Explain any four methods of Vector class, . ray? [B}
What is an array?
How to create and initialize an array’ Q-6
Answer the following: (ANY 1) What is package?
Explain it i le
What is Exception?
Explain types of error with examp!
What are the characteristics of good notice writing?
Write a brief note on the various components of presentation
What are the Dos and Don’ts in the group discussion?
Explain equation A+I = E in context to the Business letters
Define Homophones and Homonyms with suitable examples
What is the importance or function of a memorandum?
Explain Synonyms and Antonyms with appropriate examples
Do as Directed: (06) Which one is a modal auxiliary verb?
is, would, are) OR To be, to have and to do are main auxiliary verbs?
If that boy is so innocent, why does he look so guilty?
Any Two) w is it useful?
What are SW 1H techniques in presentation?
Ho ; What are the objectives of roup discussion? in presentation skill?
What is presentation?
Explain boredom factors in P (08) Answer the foll. ‘ . . ‘i t a very good Owing questions
Explain <canvas> Element with suitable example
Explain Audio Element with Example. c
List out property of multi column layout
Explain any one with examples
Explain new Form Elements with suitable example
What is SVG?
Write down the advantages of SVG
What is 2D transform?
Explain any one method of 2D transform
Explain jQuery in brief. _ 2
List out the new features of HTMLS
Draw Structural Elements in HTMLS and explain it
Give the full form: PNG (01) 3
OR A. — What is API?
Explain geolocation in detail
What is Hoverable Table?
Discuss it in detail with suitable example
Explain styling tables with Pseudo-classes in depth
Discuss the CSS3 in brief. 5
Whatis jQuery selector?
Explain any one with proper examples
Discuss jQuery html() methods with example
Explain roles of Database Administrator Define term ‘TRANSACTION’ and explain properties of Transaction
Explain data types used in SQL
Explain any five eggregate function with example. meeogse List the steps for creating a new User and assign ‘CREATE ANY TABLE’ system privileges to that user
Explain ALTER TABLE and RENAME commands h
What is the use of DUAL table?
Explain with Example. me 2
Differentiate DBMS Vs RDBMS. c
What is database?
Discuss the benefits of using database approach. 3
What are the problems of concurrent execution of Transactions?
Explain in detail. c
What is Normalization?
Explain Benefits of Normalization. 4
Explain DML commands with their syntax and example. b
What is Constraints?
Explain Primary Key, Unique Key and CHECK constraint with example. c
Explain how TRUNCATE, DELETE and DROP commands are differ from each other?
Answer the following: (Any Two) What is the use of GROUP BY and HAVING clause in SQL?
What is JOIN?
Explain Inner JOIN with example
Explain any five String Functions with example