State the importance of Facebook Privacy settings in details
Explain the paid Lead generation campaign in Facebook
Discuss the IT Act 2000 in details
Explain Stalking and harassment with example
State the importance of Social media Group and Forum
Discuss the Market place listing with example
Write steps to create Event in Facebook in details Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) State the importance of Facebook traffic campaign in details
Describe the top ten social media challenges in current scenario
Explain the basic social media security in brief
Describe Software Testing Life Cycle
Explain Black Box Testing
Differentiate b/w Stress and Load Testing
What is Test Strategy? explain Unit Testing with Example
Differentiate b/w Validation and Verification Testing. 2
Describe Role of Tester. 3
Explain Required Based Testing, 3
Explain Database Testing 2
Define Decision Table with suitable Example. 3
Explain Regression Testing... 4
Explain Defect Life Cycle. 2
Explain Defect template Report
Describe Software Testing Life Cycle, Explain Black Box Testing
Differentiate b/w Stress and Loag 7, esting
What is Test Strategy? explain Unit ‘Testing with Example
Describe Role of Tester
Explain Required Based Testing Answer the following: (Any Two) a) Explain Database Testing Define Decision Table with Suitable Ex sting., ‘ample
Explain Regression Te ‘Answer the following: (Any One) (06) Explain Defect Life cycle
Explain Defect template Repon, ND O E) Fp APER Pagey ofa oe
Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) What is ACID?
Explain Transaction recovery in detail
List out twelve distributed database objectives
Explain PL/SQL advantages and draw generic structure of block
What is trigger?
Explain it in detail
What is Data Pump?
Explain fine grained object selection in detail
Draw and discuss moving data general architecture
What is Data encryption?
Explain in brief to protect data. 2
Explain with example iterative control structure of PL/SQL
What is cursor?
Explain implicit cursor with example. 3
List out and give short description of any twelve export-import parameters
What is difference in procedure vs function?
Explain Advantages of using procedure. 4
Differentiate between Loading Methods in SQL * Loader. 2
Explain in brief any six SQL * Loader command line parameters with description
PMENT AND SECURITY April - June 202?
What is php function?Explain user define function with example
Explain session with example. fener What is mysqli ?how to connect with database using php code with example. w What is cross site scripting?Explain its type. 6
Write different between web browser and web server? 7, What is an Array Explain types of array with example?
What is Jquery ?Explain Jquery selector. 2
What is string ?explain Any five String Function?. 3
Explain CSS method with example. 3
What is cookie?
How to create and delete cookie with example. 2
How to display the query in table give an example
Explain file exception with example. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) 1
What is pen testing ?explain any five pen testing tools. 2
Explain SQL injection with example
Discuss the booting process in detail. 2
Discuss the Slack space in brief. 4, Explain User Group policy in detail. 5
Discuss cookies and history in detail 6
Explain MFT in detail
Explain Pagefile.sys and Hiberfil.sys in brief
What is the NTFS in detail. 3
Explain the thumbnail cache files 3
Discuss the Data Destruction and Defragmentation in brief. 2
Explain the concept of User Account in detail. 4
Explain the Skype Stored Data in brief. 2
Explain active directory with its features in brief
Describe the domain controllers and forest in brief
Explain the server virtualization in brief
Discuss the VLAN with its various types. rau FRE Explain the various types of servers in brief
Write a short note on RIP. 2
Discuss the proxy server with its various types. 3
What do you mean by firewall?
Explain in details. 3
Discuss the Backup and recovery in windows 2019 server
Write the short note on DNS
Explain group policy. 4
Explain the Mobile IP in brief. 2
Discuss the virtual private network in detail