What is file system?
Discuss types of file system in detail
Explain system logging and logoff activity in detail
Write a short note on prefetch file
Describe data destruction in detail
List out types of user account and Explain it in detail
Define following terms: (I) stored password (II) history (III) bookmark SECTION-ID Answer the following: (Any Two) Write a short note on MFT
List out types of link file and Explain it in detail
Discuss pagefile.sys and hiberfil.sys in detail
What is windows registry?
Define structure of windows registry in detail
Discuss all operations to edit windows registry using command prompt
Write a short note on cookies
Explain ACID properties in detail
Discuss generic block of PL/SQL What is a Procedure?
Describe procedure with an example
Explain the general architecture of moving data
What is SQL *Loader?
Explain various SQL *Loader commands
What do you mean by Deadlock?
Describe ways to detect and prevent Deadlock. 2
Explain conditional statements in PL/SQL. 3
What is a cursor?
What makes Functions different from Procedures?
Explain Functions with an appropriate example. 2
State the Advantages of the Data pump
Explain command line export and import clients. 3
Discuss SQL *Loader Data types. 2
Describe fixed-width columns with suitable example
SECTION-I A (30) What Which are the mouse events supported by jQuery to handle user input?
Explain in : the following: (Any Five) jQuery?
Explain features of jQuery. detail with syntax and example
Explain PHP array in detail
How cookie is different from session?
Explain cookies in detail
Explain in detail file handling modes in php
Which are the database related errors possible?
Explain in brief and provide error handling solution
What is Pentesting?
Explain types of Pentesting
Describe usage of any 12-string handling function with syntax and example
Differentiate between $_GET, $_POST Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) Which are the different ways to extract data from mysqli?
Explain in detail Which functions are use to get the metadata information of database, table and row of mysqli Explain in brief $_SESSION
Discuss cross site scripting and modify form fields
Write a short note on Virtual Private Network
Explain the features of the active directory in brief
Discuss the domain controllers in brief
Discuss the server virtualization in brief
Explain the Routing Information Protocol in brief
Discuss the firewall in brief
Explain the proxy server with its various types
Explain the various types of routing in brief
Explain Group Policy in detail