Answer the following: (ANY THREE) What is migration toolkit in virtual server 2005(VSMT)?
Explain in brief
Describe the steps to create the virtual machine using script
Explain the types of Virtual Disk
Write a short note on LPT port
Explain the Start and Stop actions of Virtual Server 2005
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) What is Virtual machine remote console (VMRC)?
State differences between Virtual Server 2005 and Virtual Server 2005 R2
Write a short note on Microsoft Loopback Adapter
What is ADS?
Explain the components which ADS uses
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) How to troubleshoot automated deployment services?
Write down the steps to create the virtual hard disk using script
Describe the key components of SmartDeshboard
Explain Edge Support for CLM in NGX
Write a short note on IP compression
Describe IP fragments in brief
Explain dedicated server installation
Write a short note on TACACS authentication in brief
Explain the use of sysconfig command
Explain the features of new smart portal. 2. — State the options available in cpconfig
Write a short note on firewall security design. 2
Write a short note on client authentication
Write a short note on Route Based VPN. 2
Describe SIP protocol in brief
Explain Peer-to-Peer Applications in brief. 2
Write a short note on Cluster Control Protocol
Answer the following: (Any 3) [15] 4, What is file?
Explain types of file in detail
What is data frame?
Explain any two ways to creating data frame with example. @ 3
Explain show(), figure(), plot(), savefig(), xlabel(), ylabel() with suitable example. 4
Discuss various applications of ML. 5. | What is node in KNIME Tool?
Discuss the execution state of node. 2
Explain use of following functions with syntax and example: open(, close(), read() and write() 2
Explain following methods of re module. 1. searchQ) 2. findall() 3
Answer the following: (Any 1) [04] 4, | Write down the use of Matplotlib?
Explain the graph which organizes into bin of the ranges
Explain bar chart using example. e 4
What is Machine Learning?
Explain different types of Machine Learning. 2. | What is ANN?
Explain architecture of ANN in detail 5
What is workspace and workflow?
Explain in detail. 2
Draw the KNIME workflow which shows the use of column filter and row filter
How does routing work?
Describe framing and quoting in brief
What is the difference between encode/decode in Python?
Describe Python Function in brief
Write the difference POP and IMAP
Explain deadlock in python
Describe the data types of Python. 2
Write a short note on python programming language
What is IP Address?
How IP Address works? 2
What is client and server in python-based socket programming?
Describe the IP fragmentation
What is Server Architecture?
Explain in brief. 2
Describe HTTP server in brief
Answer the following: (Any Five) What is use of File Upload Control?
Explain with property
How you can set UICulture and Culture properties in web configuration file
How to perform custom authentication with Login control using web configuration file?
Write down the step to Data Bindings Between Controls and the LINQ to SQL Classes
Explain ChangePassword control with Properties
Culture name having how many parts?
Explain with example
Explain <%@ Register %> directive with three attributes
Answer the following: (Any One) What is use of MultiView control?
Explain with commands
What is use of Calendar control?
Explain property of LoginStatus control with possible and default value
What is the use of Validate(), EndEdit(),SubmitChanges() methods in LINO to SQL?
Explain Web Services Infrastructure
C. — Whatare the roles of DBA?
What is Importing, Exporting, Loading, and Unloading Data?
Describe Orderby and Groupby
Define: Redo Log Files 2
Describe the applications of DBMS. 3
Describe features of SQL
Define the archifecture of Oracle 10g
Define these keywords: Schema, Foreign Key, instance 5
Answer the following: (ANY 1) (3) A. — What is back up.and recovery fundamentals?