Explain formatting documents with figure in detail
What is mail merge?
Write down its steps with all options
Write down any five date & time function
List out types of charts
Write down the steps for creating charts. —E
Discuss the menus of math with figure
Write down the steps to create new database
What is IMPRESS?
Write down the advantages of IMPRESS
Write a short note on Master Templates. 2
What is Style?
Describe different styles available in writer
Write a short note on printing documents
Write a short note on drawing tools. . 3
Describe how to work with multiple sheets?
Write a short note on formula editor in math. c
Explain the toolbars of math in detail. 4
What is Database?
List out the advantages of DATABASE
Define the term Tables
Write down its steps to create it. 5
What is presentation?
Write down the steps to create new presentation
Write a short note on re-usability in Impress
List out types of number systems
Explain octal number system in brief
What is parity bit?
Explain checksum method in brief. iI
What is universal gate?
Explain all universal gates in details
State and prove the Demorgan’s theorems. y
Discuss 4 to 1 multiplexer in brief. vil
Explain ring counter in details
Write a short note on types of RAM in brief
Discuss error correcting code (Hamming code) method in brief
Explain odd and even parity code methods with suitable example
IL. [A] (5431s > (216 — [B] (127.5625) > (? 2 Q-3
What is logic gate?
Explain all basic gates in brief
Implement basic gates using any one universal gate
Explain full adder with its diagram
Discuss 4 to 16 Decoder in brief
List out the types of ROM
Explain ROM in details
Write a short note on NAND latch
Explain shift left register in brief
Write a short note on ripple counter
Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) A. ‘What is Linear Data Structures?
Explain with figure
Whats difference between primitive and Non primitive Data Structures? eo C
Write an algorithm for the operations on stack
Define a linked list
Write the advantage and disadvantage of lined list?
Define a circular linked list?
Write an algorithm to invert a circular linked list
What is tree?
Explain the following terms in tree terminology: a Leaf node b
Write the brief note on AVL Tree
Define a Data Structure?
Explain types of data structures. | B. | What is Non-Linear Data Structures?
Explain with figure. i 3
Write an algorithm for operations of Queue
What is Sparse Matrix?
Explain the Breadth-First Search Traversal Algorithms also write the algorithms
Define a graph and explain its operations
Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) What is Magento?
Explain Customer Journey for any ecommerce website
Explain in brief : Admin Store Panel List out types of products in magento and explain any 2 in details
Explain Catalog Price Rules with suitable example
Explain Free shipping and Flat rate shipping method in detail
Explain Marketing Reports and Review Reports in brief
Write a Sort note on : Widgets 9 2
Explain Website, Store and Store View in brief
Answer the following: (ANY TWO) (08) A. — What is Attribute Set?
How to add attributes in attribute set?
Explain Up-sell, Cross-sell and Related products in Magento
How to Manage Advance Pricing in Magento?
Write a short note on: Invoices | B
Define the term: Shipping Label \ Answer the following: (ANY ONE) A. — Write a short note on : Themes OR A
Discuss time sharing operating system
Discuss virtual machine architecture along with their advantages and disadvantages
Discuss deadlock and necessary conditions for deadlock occurrence. is) E. _ Discuss shortest job first process scheduling algorithm with suitable . example
Discuss critical section problem and how can we handle it with semaphores synchronization mechanism
Discuss segmentation in memory management
Discuss monolithic kernel system architecture
What A * are advanta ithi architecture over other architectures. ges of monolithic 2
Discuss buffering and SPOOLING concepts
Discuss interrupt, its functions and interrupt handling mechanisms
Discuss Direct Memory Access (DMA) architecture, E
Discuss hierarchical i ical memory architecture and advantages of caching in a computer system. 3
Discuss different states of a process?
Describe them with suitable diagram B
Discuss Process control block and its different attributes. ributes
Discuss deadlock avoidance with Banker’s algorithm. 4
Discuss logical and physical address space
Discuss concept of swapping in memory management. c
Discuss concept of internal and external fragmentation. 5
Describe grep command
Describe difference between pipe and redirection directives