Explain if...else statement with example
What is variable?
Explain declaration and initialization of a variable
Explain all arithmetic operators with proper example
Write the short note on “Define Symbolic Constants” Explain break and continue statement with example
Explain Basic Structure of ‘C’ language
What are the importance of C language?
Explain it B. — What is type casting?
Explain it with example
Write a C program to find the area of circle
Explain all the relational operators
Why we use switch case statement?
Explain for loop with proper example
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (06) What is an array?
Explain Declaration and Initialization of one dimensional array with example
What is function?
Explain categories of function
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) ‘ What is structure?
Write the syntax of structure and explain it with example
Explain “arrays of structure” with example
Answer the following: (Any Six) Which are the Universal Gate?
Explain it
Explain De Morgan’s theorem
Draw and explain 1 of 4 Decoder
Explain Full adder
Explain NOR Latch
Explain Shift Left Register
Explain Binary Number System with an example
Convert (1010111.110)2 =(?)10 (b) Convert (434753.1357)8 = (?)16 Answer the following: (Any Two) Explain Hexadecimal Number system with an example
Explain Hamming Code with an example
Answer the following: (Any Two) Which are basic Gates?
Explain EX-OR and EX-NOR Gate
Draw and Explain 4 to 1 Multiplexer
Explain RAM in detail
Explain Buffer Register. [ (30) (8) (8) (6) (4) 4)
Define Mail Merge
Write down its steps with all option. b
Define Watermark
Write down its steps with all option. c
List out types of charts
Write down steps to Creating Charts. d
Discuss the Menus of Open Office-Math with figure
Write a short note on Slide Transition. f
Define the term Tables
Write down its steps to create it. 2 g
List out Logical Function
Explain any three with Syntax and Example. 2. [Al Answer the following: (ANY TWO) (08) a Define Drop cap
Write down its steps
How to select the application package?
Write down its steps. c Write a short note on Working with Documents with figure. [B] ___is the extensions file are saved in impress
List out Date Time functions
Explain any three function with example. c List out Mathematical Functions
Explain any three in detail. [B] Which shortcut key will be used for Style and Formatting, (01) 4
How to creating a New Database?
Write down its steps. b
List out advantages of OPEN OFFICE -BASE. 5
Write a short note on Re-usability in open office-impress
Discuss machine language in depth
Explain Key-board with figure
Discuss Disk Management in depth
List out the characteristics of computer and explain it in details
Write a short note on Software
Explain CD-ROM in brief
Write a short note on Data and Information
Define the term Compiler and Interpreter
Explain processor architecture with figure
Write a short note on assembly language. 3
Discuss MODEM in brief
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (06) A. — Howto securing our system from virus and unauthorized user?
Write a short note on Backup and Restore
Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) Explain in detail the stages in the process of Communication. ‘What are the different tenses in the English Language?
Explain any Four tenses with its forms, uses and examples
What are the various modes of listening with examples?
What is Reading?
Explain the various types of reading with examples
Explain the flow and methods of communication
What are the tips for effective reading?
Explain in brief. ‘What are the various parts of speech?
Explain any two of them with necessary examples
What are the characteristics of a good listener?
Write in detail: Listening v/s Hearing