Answer the following: (ANY SLX OUT OF EIGHT) What is Magento?
Write down the complete installation steps to install Magento in your local machine
List out and explain any 4 menu options available in sidebar of the admin store panel
Explain configurable product with example in Magento
How to configure Cart Price Rules?
Explain it with suitable example
Explain Free shipping and Flat rate shipping method in detail
Explain Check / Money Order and Bank Transfer Payment methods in Magento
Discuss Sales Reports and Review Reports in brief
Explain Content Blocks and Widgets in Magento
Explain Website, Store and Store View in brief with diagram
Define the terms: Admin dashboard, Logo, Favicon, Store Demo Notice
Explain Up-sell, Cross-sell and Related products in Magento
Discuss the Inventory Management in Magento
Write a short not on Orders and Invoices management by Admin in Magento
Explain Zero Subtotal Checkout payment method in Magento
Write a short not on Manage Customer and Customer Groups in Magento
Explain the following terms : (Any Six) (30) I
What is Regular Expression?
Explain Sequence character of Regular Expression using example
How to handle binary files in python?
How to create data frame using Pandas?
Explain the process of data cleansing using suitable example
Discuss various Operations, sorting and indexing on the Data Frame
Answer the following: (Any Two) (05) 1 Write down in detail why Al is required?
Write down applications of Al
What is NN?
Explain architecture of NN in detail
Define fragmentation
Explain types of fragmentation in detail
What is deadlock?
Explain deadlock prevention schemes
Explain Memory Management in Linux
Explain Looping statements in shell scripts. ‘Write a short note on real time processing and batch processing
Answer the following: (Any Two) (08) © moN What is Operating System?
Explain the functions of Operating System
What is PCB?
Explain each part of PCB in detail
Explain Monolithic Structure of Operating Systems
Answer the following: (Any One) (06) What is Fixed Partition?
Explain Multiprogramming with fixed Partitioning technique
Boe ° o ~ IL What is critical section?
Write down implementation of two process algorithm
Discuss following commands with attributes/parameters
Explain importance of software testing
Explain black box testing techniques with example
Discuss V model with diagram in brief
Describe field level validation and inter-field dependencies in brief
Explain performance and load testing in brief
Describe various types of ambiguity in detail
Discuss usability and exploratory testing in brief
Explain risk based testing in brief
Write a short note on levels of software testing
Explain verification and validation in brief
Differentiate between desk checking, walkthrough and inspection
Discuss white box testing in details
Explain state transition technique with example
What is testing?
Discuss system testing in detail
Explain functional and non-functional testing in brief
Write a note on regression testing
Explain test case design in depth
Discuss defect management tools in brief
Explain test design coverage in brief
Discuss test automation process in details
List out Roles of system analyst
Explain in brief
Discuss the types of user in brief
Write a short note on Decision Tree
Explain file organization methods in brief
Explain Post implementation Review in brief
Explain conversion in details
Which are testing techniques available?
Explain in detail
Explain System Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Explain any two in detail
Write a short note on Input design
Discuss benefits of computer assisted tools
Draw a DFD for Inventory Management System