Explain Command Class with methods
Describe a Control trees
What is use of Panel Control?
Explain properties of panel control
What is CLR?
Explain in Detail
Explain CompareValidator with properties
What is use of ImageButton Control?
Explain with Properties
Any One) What is Dynamic Compilation?
How to work?
Load and Prerender event?
Explain Button control with properties and Events
Explain RequiredField Validator with properties
Any One) What is Skin file? xplain the types of Skin file with example. [ What is DataReader Class?
Explain with its methods. b
Explain the ADO.NET architecture in detail
Explain various level of RAID
Explain storage virtualization in brief
Discuss placing storage intelligence in brief Discuss balancing offensive and defensive strategies
Write a short note on corporate system
Discuss storage need for business continue
Explain Data management policy in detail
Explain service level agreement in detail
Explain Storage Networking Roadmap
What is HBA?
Describe the history and evolution of storage
ANY TWO) Why Modern Network use layered proiocol?
Explain metropolitan and wide arca storage networking
What is RPO?
Explain qualifying and quantifying IT department
Explain strategic objectives in detail
State tactical goals in brief
What is OSPF?
Explain the network types of OSPE. 2
Describe packet types in brief. 3
List out OSPF LSA types. 4
State the characteristics of BGP. 5
Why EIGRP is considered as a hybrid routing protocol? 6
Explain BGP states in detail. 7
Explain IPv6 address types
Write a short note on Routed Protocols. 2
Describe the types of OSPF routers. 2
Give the full form of following terms: DR, ABR, NSSA, LSDB
Write a short note on BGP Altributes
Write a short note on Routing Protocol Metrics
What is mail server and discuss the process of mail dclivery Explain send conncetor with its usage types
Explain the term: OAB, mail enabled user, distribution group What is backup?
Explain with its types
Explain different types of mailbox and its usage
Explain the database supported by exchange server
Write note on: mailbox delegation
List out different roles of exchange server and explain in detail
Explain Email address policy with its steps
Explain address list in detail
What is accepted domain and remote domain? [ (Any One) Explain database availability groups
Explain how to recovering exchange server