Explain Button control with properties and Events. ‘6
What is Skin file?
Explain the types of Skin file. d
Explain Textbox control with properties and Events. e
Explain the ADONET architecture in detail
Explain CompareValidator in detail. g
Whatis Dynamic Compilation?
Explain in brief. 2
What isaCLR? b
What are the different types of Assembly? 3
Explain RequiredField Validator with its use and properties. 5
What is Stored Procedures?
Describe the hybrid characteristics of EIGRP, Explain EIGRP packet types in brief
Describe the link state characteristics of OSPR, What is BGP?
When to use BGP?
Describe IPv4 vs IPv6 with proper example
Describe these keywords: routing protocol, Touted protocol, route redistribution > Na wPF YN Explain the major difference between router, Switch, hub and access point
Explain different tables in EIGRP with telated commands, 2
Explain EIGRP Metrics in brief
Describe LSA types in OSPF in brief. 2
Explain OSPF area types
What is BGP attributes?
Describe some subcategories of it. 2
What is BGP peers?
Explain in details, QS
Explain naming convention of IPV6 in brief
Describe basics of redistribution between BIGRP and OSPF
Describe the types of files in Exchange database server. 2
Write a short note on Single Copy Clustering. 3
Explain firewall configuration in Exchange Server 2010. 4
Describe the process to manage Mailbox Database? 5
Explain properties tabs to configure POP and IMAP. 6
Write a short-note on Offline Address Books (OAB). 7
What is exchange Server?
Explain the benefits of Exchange Server
Define the keywords: TCP, UDP. 2
Describe the roles and features of Exchange Server 2010?
Describe different types of Address List. 2
Explain the public folder database in Exchange Server
Give the full forms of following terms: SNMP, EMS, EMC, ICMP
Explain the types of backup in mail server. 2
Describe the methods to recover mailbox
Describe the hybrid characteristics of EIGRP
Explain EIGRP packet types in brief
Describe the link state characteristics of OSPF
What is BGP?
Describe IPv4 vs IPv6 with proper example. | Describe these keywords: routing protocol, routed protocol, route redistribution XN 2wrR YD Explain the major difference between router, switch, hub and access point
Explain different tables in EIGRP with related commands. 2
Explain EIGRP Metrics in brief. 04 Q3
Describe some subeategories of it. 2
What is BGP Peers?
Explain in details
Explain naming convention of IPV6 in brief. 2
Describe basics of redistribution between EIGRP and OSPF
Write a short note on WMI filter with Proper example. 2
What is groups ? explain the type of groups . 4
What is the difference between computer group policy and user group policy with proper example? 5
Discuss the FSMO with proper example. 6
Write a short note on ADCS. 7 Write a short note on difference between server core and enterprise version
Discuss the Five Different Commands of server core
Write a short note on MMC with Proper example
Write a short note on DFS. 2
Write a short note on DORA process
Discuss on Global catalogue. 2
Define the term Domain Tree Forest
Write a short note on RODC. 2
Write a short note on ADRMS
What is groups ? explain the type of groups . 4 What is the difference between computer group policy and user group policy with proper example? 5
Write a short note on ADCS. 7
Write a short note on difference between server core and enterprise version
Discuss the Five Different Commands of server core. ) 2
Explain the Keywords: JBOD, RAID. a Describe Storage Management Network in brief
Explain the scenario of IP storage Network
Describe Storage Service Deliverables in brief
Write a short note on Outsourced Storage
Explain Storage Building Blocks in brief
Write a short-note on Network Control Points
Explain Storage Networking Roadmap in brief. 2
Describe the comparison between SAN and NAS. 3, Write a short note on Direct Area Storage
Explain building blocks of distributed system. 2
Describe the types of Storage Service. 3
Describe Network based Storage Services in brief. 4
Any Two) (07) Why Modern Network use layered protocol?
Describe the Services of MAN and WAN. 2. 3
Write the full forms of following terms: MAC, VPN, SONET, SDH, DAS. 5
What are the effects of TCP on Application Performance?
Define the keywords: Tactical Goals, strategic objectives