Answer the Following(Any seven) 1 What is Data Structure?Explain it. 2
Explain Double Linklist with Any five Algorithms. , 3.'Explain Polish Notation (Prefix, Infix, Postfix). °, - Explain Non Linear Data Structure
Explain Explain, Height Balanced Tree (AVL)
What is stack?
Explain the algorithm of push and pop. 7
Explain Insertion Sorting. ; 8.Explain Graph Traversal Algorithms — BFS . 9.Explain circular Queue With Algorithms . 10.Explain Sequential Searching
Explain Linear Data Structure
Explain Recursion in Linear Data Structure
Write a Short note on Binary Tree and its Representation poye Po SeatNo. 30 05 10 10 2 .Explain B Tree and B++ Tree. 3.write a short note on Height Balanced Tree
Answer the following: (ANY SIX) (30) What are the various misconceptions of ERP?
List out the benefits of ERP to the organization
Discuss different features of Python
How does List differ from Tuple?
BSA > What is Exceptions?
Explain handling an exception condition with suitable example
F, What is Python Module?
Explain creation and use of module with suitable Example. 2 Explain different steps of creating a Database in Odoo
Write a short note on Model Fields. 2
Briefly explain about Functional Modules of ERP software?
Discuss various challenges of ERP implementation. 3 Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (06) A. — Write a code: “To print Even Numbers in given range of 2 to 40”
Explain any three functions of String
Explain it with suitable example
What is Constructor?
Explain how to declare and use constructor in python program
Explain any three Structure tools used to design E-Commeree/WEB-SITI Answer the following: (ANY ONE) What is View?
Explain Tree/Form/Search Views with Example
Discuss about Model Inheritance in detail
Discuss the features of Oracle 10g
What are the steps to start SQL* plus?
What is the use of it?
Differentiate between locally managed and Dictionary managed tablespaces
Discuss the block structure of pl/sql program
What is System Global Area (SGA)?
Discuss various parts of SGA
Explain Enterprise Manager in detail
Write a note on: Table spaces in Preconfigured databases
Discuss User defined exception handling with example
Give the difference between SGA and PGA
Discuss SYSTEM and SYSAUX table spaces in short
Write a note on: Oracle Instance Management
Which commands are used to start and stop the database control?
Answer the following: (Any Two) (10) What is cursor?
Which are the types of cursors?
Explain in detail. - II Discuss the use of procedure with suitable example
IM What is trigger?
Explain its types with suitable example
Whati is OSI Model? ‘Explain the funeis and Protocols find services of each layer
What are the types of multiplexing?
Explain ail in brief. - = “Explain Data Communi tion. and
Data Flow. : What is s Security?
Explain Types of Security: What i is s VLAN?
Describe its Advantages: Explain cryptography attacks
What is domain name system?
How it works?
Define Frame tagging
Differentiate Circuit Switching and Packet Switching. sa © PNOG ER wd 0
Define Baseband Connection and Broadband Connection
What is TCP/IP Model?
Explain the functions and protocols and services of each layer. 2
Explain all transmission media Q-3
Describe cisco three layer hierarchical model. 2
Explain Ethernet and Explain all Types of Ethernet cabling. 3
Explain Ethernet Datalink Layer & Ethernet Physical Layer
Explain VLAN Membership with its Methods. : 3. what is computer Network?
Explain with figure. poge 2 oF x (10) (08)
Compute: (1) () (2) | Write a short note on Non-Singular Matrix with an example -5 ya-|? | int an 4 Answer the following: (Any Two) Ina joint family of 12 persons,7 takes tea , 6 take milk and 2 take neither ;How many members take both tea and milk ?
Prove that De Morgan’s laws Explain Cartesian Product of Two Sets with an example Answer the following: (Any One) How many ways can the letters can be arranged?
HIPPOPOTAMUS (b) CALCULATOR In how many different ways can the letters of the word 'INDIAN' be arranged?
Answer the following: (Any Two) Define Terms: Matrix, Vector, Square Matrix, Zero Matrix «| Then find out 1) AA and 2) F(A), where F(x) =x? -2x?
If af} "| |?