What is Algorithm?
Explain Branching Type of Algorithm with example
Create an Algorithm and draw a Flowchart to find sum of all the integers greater than 100 and less than 200 that are divisible by 5
How to define Symbolic Constants in C Language?
Explain rules to define Symbolic Constants
What is Operator?
Explain Increment and Decrement operators with example
Explain Nested if... else statement with proper example
What is looping?
Explain for loop with proper example
Any Two) (12) What is Flowchart?
Illustrate General Rules for creating Flowchart
Write a short note on C Tokens
Discuss various properties of Algorithm
Write a C Program to find smallest number from given three numbers
Discuss switch case statement with proper example
Define Terms: Header, Footer, Footnote, Endnote, Drop cap, Watermark
Discuss Any five Date-Time Function in MS Excel
What is MS PowerPoint?
Discuss Slide Transition
What is MS-Access?
Describe steps to creating Database in MS-Access
Explain MS-Access Object
Compare Word, Excel and PowerPoint
SECTION-II Answer the following: (Any Two) (12) What is Mail Merge?
Define step of Mail Merge
What is Batch file?
Discuss with an example
What is DOS?
Explain any five Internal Commands of DOS
Write a short note on Custom Animation
Define Terms: Naming Range, Pivot Table, Goal Seek Answer the following: (Any One) (06) Describe MS-Access Data Types
How to filtering Data in MS-Access?
SECTION-I Ly Answer the following: (Any Five) What is the URL?
Explain the structure of the URL in brief
Explain the HTML Drag and drop features with examples
Describe the CSS Font properties in detail
Explain the JavaScript operators in detail
Discuss the Table tag with its all elements and examples
State the difference between Internets, Intranet & Extranet, 2
Explain the Element of List Tag in detail with an example. 3
Explain New Semantic Tags in HTML 5 2
Explain CSS background properties with proper examples. 3
Write an HTMLS code to create audio and video. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) 1
How can we perform looping in JavaScript?
Explain with examples. 2
SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any 5) Discuss DMA in brief What is Information?
Explain Characteristics of Information in brief
Give difference between High Level Language and Low Level Language
What is software?
Explain System Software and Application Software
List out basic software problem and Discuss various method to fix
Explain Scanner with types
Explain Printer with types In detail Answer the following: (Any 2) Write down difference between machine level & assembly language Write a short note on Scripting Language
Discuss usage of Compiler, Interpreter and Assembler
Find (i) A UB (ii)A n B (iii) A’ and (iv) B’ 2
Find (i) The number of students selected for sports
Discuss the Homeorphic Graph in details
Define the following terms in context of graph theory with suitable example: Graph, Simple graph, Pendent vertex, Closed Walk, Paths. 2-3 4 3 1 -2 IfA4=/5 0 1/andB=|-5 1 1 | then find BA and AB. gait 4.3.1 7
How many different license plates can be made if each plat contains a Sequence of two uppercase English letters followed by three digits?
Justify your answer
Then evaluate AB if B = [+ 1 Define the following set by Roaster method (DA = {x/x isa 2 digit natural such that the sum ofits digits is 5} (i)B = (x/x € N,x? < 25} (i)C = {x/ x? - 3 = 0,xeR} Answer the following: (Any Two) Determine whether the following functions are one-one or many one @P:N ON, f(x) =x43 (ii) f:R>R, f(x) = lx] +7 Discuss application of graph theory in computer science, State True or False (A function is one to one when distinct elements of domain maps to distinct elements of its codomain
If f:Z>R Wo) =x? — ox then codomain of given function is R
How many different ways can gold, silver, and bronze medals be awarded in an Olympic event with 12 athletes competing?
Define the term ‘communication’ and explain its process with a diagram
Explain any five conjunctions and give examples
What do you mean by reading comprehension?
Discuss any three types of feading
Write about the several types of formal letters
Explain the characteristics of a good speaker
Write your expressions for the following situations: Greeting people, Introducing yourself and congratulating people on their success
Define barriers
Explain various types of it. 1 out of 2 Q.3 Q.4 Attempt Any TWO: What are the qualities of a good listener?
Discuss intensive and extensive reading types with illustrations
Write a cover letter to the H R Manager, TCS Pvt