SECTION-I i Answer the following: (Any Five out of Seven) (30) [A] Elaborate the Web browser and Web server in details. {[B] State the difference between Block and Inline element with its example, iC] Explain New Semantic Tags in HTML 5. {D} State the importance of CSS with its advantage. {E{ Explain the JavaScript operators in details. [F] State the importance of Web Designing principles. [G} What is cookie?
Write the syntax to create, read and delete a cookie using JavaScript
Explain CSS background properties with proper example
What is Algorithm?
Discuss Looping Type of Algorithm with example. 2
What is C Token?
How it is useful in C Language? ____3.__ Discuss Relational operator with example in C Language... aan 4
Discuss data types with storage rang in detail with example. 5
Can we Create Switch without Break and Default?
Explain Switch with example in C Language, 6
Discuss ELSE IF ladder with example in C Language. 7
Explain Exit Control Loop with example in C Language
Discuss various Flowchart Symbols
What is Variable?
How to declare Variable?
Discuss various Variable declaration rules
Write Algorithm & Flowchart to generate first 25 Fibonacci terms 0,1,1,2,3,5...n (n=25)
Write a C program to find MAX number from 3 variables using turnery (? :) operator
What is Information?
Explain characteristics of Information, B
Explain scanner with different types, C
Discuss: BIOS, Windows Registry, Msconfig D
Differentiate: Compilers V/S Interpreter E
Explain different types of ROM
Write a short note on DMA
Explain Internal Structure of Microprocessor
Explain Modem in brief
Write a short note on printer, C
Write steps to schedule automatic disk clean up
Write a short note on Assembly language
Explain different types of software in detail, C
What is interrupt?
Explain different types of interrupts
Write a short note on an Ideal Microcomputer, B
Effective skills of communication are part and parcel of everybody’s life. 2, What do you mean by the word of ‘Communication’?
Explain the Process of communication with diagram, 3
How does Hearing differ from Listening?
Explain traits of good listening, 4
Discuss simple present tense and perfect present tense with an example. 5
What are the reasons for Poor comprehension?
How can it be improved? a. 6.__Discuss_the_ Date. and-Complimentary~Close-as- the-compulsory~parts“6f “léttay writing. 7
What are the characteristics of an erudite speaker?
What is Noise?
What is speaking?
What kind of points should we keep in our mind while speaking? 3
Differentiate between skimming and scanning with explanation and example. 4
Write a letter to your friend congratulating him/her on his/her success in class 12 board exam
Write a short note on One to One Function The population of a town is 7000 persons out of these 3400 persons read Gujarat Samachar and 2700 Persons read the Times of India, There are 700 persons read the both paper
Find the number of persons who do not read any of those two papers?
Write a short note on Hamiltonian graphs
Explain Domain and Range of function with example
Define the term with suitable figure : (A) Bipartite Graph (B) Regular Graph Answer the following: (Any One) (06) Write a short note on ordered and unordered partitions
Write 4 short note on factorial notation with example