Any Five) 30 1) _ Discuss the key features of Python? 2) Explain various ways of commenting in python programming. 3) Explain input () and print() function with proper syntax and example in python 4) List out and Explain Decision making statements in Python. 5) (a) Differentiate List and Tuple in Python
What is negative indexes and how they are used in Python? 6) Explain types of class inheritance with example in python. 712 Write a python program to implement Iterative and recursive factorial function of given number. 8) Write program in python that read number and check if a number is Armstrong or not
Any Two) 12 1) _ List the different types of operators in python language?
Explain membership and identity operators with examples. 2) Explain for loop with else and continue statements with example. 3) Write a python program to implement Fibonacci series up to Nth term
Any Two) 12 1) Explain Lambda Function in python with example. 2) What is dictionary in Python?
Explain any four built-in dictionary methods with example. 3) Read 15 integer numbers from user and store them in a list
Any One) 6 1) What is Exception Handling?
Discuss analysis model for Web Apps
Describe the System Design Patterns in depth
Discuss the SDLC in depth
Write a short note on Object-Oriented Paradigm
Define the term:[i] Class [ii] Object [iii] Superclass 3
Discuss the web engineering team in brief
Explain forward and reverse engineering
Discuss the Building Blocks of UML in brief
List out different views of modeling a Software System’s Architecture. 5
Answer the following: (ANY TWO) A. — What is fork and join in Activity Diagram?
Explain it with suitable example
Discuss the Collaboration diagram in brief
Explain methods to handle missing values in data
Describe ANOVA in Detail
Explain Pie chart and Scatter plot with example
Discuss about Descriptive Statistics Explain Hypothesis Testing with Example
Data science is known as multidisciplinary?
Explain in brief
Discuss SPSS software in brief
List out any two application of time series, (1) 4
Write a short note on Measures of Central Tendency in Data B. _List out Probability Distribution
Explain different types of variables What do you understand by Research?
Explain motivation of Tesearch, Which research design is applied in the case manipulation is present but there is no randomization or no control?
Discuss in detail
Write down the end to end Process of doing research?
Write a difference between Basic Research and Applied Research Explain the following terminology the researcher should know. a)Google scholar _) i10-index ¢) Journals d) Plagiarism Discuss any two types of sampling in which samples are selected by choice only not by chance
SECTION-IL Answer the following: (Any 2) [12] Which research design examines human behavior?
Discuss two types in detail
Explain significance of Quasi experimental research design with example
What do you mean by hypothesis?
Explain any three types of hypothesis
Discuss sampling error in detail
Write down following definitions for sampling: a)Sampling b)Sample c)Population d)Sample size e.)Statistics f)Parameters What is sampling?
Explain three types of sampling in which population has known, nonzeron probability of selection