Que 3. a teilou SECTION-I Answer the following What do You mean by intent?
List out all gradient’s types
Give names of Tools available in SDK
What is Layout?
Explain any two layouts in details Answer the following (Any Two) What is Android?
Explain Lifecycle Activity with Diagram
What is AVD?
How to configure AVD?
Explain
Explain about the following basic view A) Image Button B) Check Box C) Toggle Button D) Radio Group E) Radio Button
List out any four types of layouts built-in to the Android SDK
iii) Define the term: Constructor and Destructor (iv) What is an inheritance’?
Write down a syntax inheritance. 2
iii) | What is conditional Statement?
Explain the Switch Statement with an example. 3
ii) What is Collection?
Explain HashTable with example
i) Describe the advantage and disadvantages of ASP.NET Core MVC, (ii) What is View Engine?
List out the type of View Engine
iii) What is Routing?
Answer the following: (Any Two) dl) (i) What is View?
Explain Layouts View in ASP.NET Core MVC
ii) What is validation?
Explain the various type of validation in asp.net core mve
iii) What is an Action Result?
Explain various types of action results and return types. 6
ii) What is URL Route?
Explain the types of routing systems
Discuss the generic process framework for the software engineering. 2
Explain the essence of software engineering process. 3
Write a short note on spiral model with example and diagram. 3. ‘Answer the following (Any two) ey 1
Discuss the generic concept and principles that apply to the framework activity. 2
Explain various categories of risk with proper justification. 3
Write a short note.on (Risk Mitigation, Monitoring and Management) RMMM
what do you mean by UML(Unified Modeling Language)?
Explain where 4 UML can be used
Explain the Common Mechanisms in the UML. 4 Oy ‘Answer the following (Any two) ll 1
Discuss with suitable example using UME diagram for (i) Association (ii) Dependency (iii) Aggregation and (iv) Generalization 2
Explain interface, type and role with suitable example. 3
Draw Use Case Diagram of Online student management system. 6. ‘Answer the following (Any two) 11 1
Draw a Class Diagram, Sequence Diagram and Activity Diagram of Online Purchase System 2
Discuss collaboration diagram with a suitable example. 3._ Explain Swimlane diagram with a suitable example. _.--- XX ---End of the Paper ---XX
Explain Integration testing and System testing. 2 Answer the following
Explain the V-Model of software testing using appropriate diagram. 3
Explain any 2 of them with appropriate examples
Explain static White Box testing
Discuss dynamic Black Box testing
What are the different ways in which an external tool can access a bug tracking tool?
Which of them is used by Mantis?
Explain in brief. 5
What do you mean by Stress testing and Load testing?
Explain its significance
Discuss the simple search and Advance Search options of Bugzilla
List the steps for reporting an issue in Mantis Bug Tracker
Answer the following (8) (A) What is Cyber Security?
Describe CIA Triads
Write a suitable example of Rail fence encryption. 2
What is virus?
Describe any three System based attack
What is Cryptography?
Describe any two technique of Modern (Encryption) Cryptography. as Answer the following (Any Two ) (i) (A) _ Describe any two substitution techniques of classical cryptography
Write a short note on: Public key infrastructure (PKI) (C) Explain Social Engineering
Define : Nmap , Metasploit Framework. 5
Explain SQL injection input validation testing
Describe counter measures for web application attacks. 6
Answer the following (Any Two) (il) (A) What is Vulnerability Assessment?
How vulnerability assessment is differ from Pentesting?
Explain various stages of Penetration Testing
i) Define the term : Datasets (ii) | What is Semantic analysis?
Answer the following: (Any Two) ay (i) | What is Big Data?
List out the advantage of Big Data (ii) Write a short note on Key Performance Indicators
Define the term ; Name node and Data node (ii) What ts Data Serialization?
iii) What is Apache Hadoop?
Explain the advantages of Hadoop 6
Explain the Map Reduce Distributed Processing
What is Artificial Intelligence (AD ?
Why AI is important? 3 (b) Write a short note on development of AI Languages. 2
Explain intelligent Agent with examples and property of environments. 2
Discuss Sub area of Artificial Intelligence (AI). 3
What is prolog list?
Explain Components of AI Program. 2
Discuss Advantages and disadvantage of Prolog programming. 3
List out and discuss Applications of Al
Define Actuators and discuss types of Actuators. 8 5
Discuss Depth-First Search with a suitable. 2
Explain A* algorithm in detail with a suitable example. 3
Explain components of Robotics. 6
Explain uninformed search strategies. 2
Discuss applications of Robotics. 3
Write a short note on Continuous Path Control of Robot. wees XX ---End of the Paper ---XX ---—
Answer the following (8) (A) What is Automation Testing?
What is Selenium IDE?
Describe Selenium IDE Features. is Answer the following (Any Two ) (11) (A) What are the types of manual testing & how manual testing is performed?
Write short note on (any 2) automation testing tools: a) Katalon Studio b) Selenium c) Appium 5 Answer the following (Any Two ) ql) (A) Write down steps to configure selenium Webdriver (Java or Python)
Discuss Architecture of Selenium Web Driver with a neat diagram
Write short note on Selenium RC
How it is different from Selenium Webdriver
Answer the following (8) (A) What are various navigate() commands in Selenium Java Webdriver?
Write down step to configure Selenium web driver to PyCharm IDE. ce Answer the following (Any Two ) (en) (A) Write down the steps to handle dynamic table in Selenium Java Webdriver?
Explain steps to read Configurations from Property File in Selenium Java ?
Write steps to generate reports using Selenium Java Webdriver? 6
Answer the following (Any Two ) (059) (A) How to Locating Elements by ID, Name, XPath and class name using Selenium Python?
Write a short note on Implicit and Explicit wait for Selenium Python?