Give real-life examples of the Stack' -..cwnit is Queue? fxfiiain the operations that we can perform on queue
WhatisaLinkedList?Listoutthedifferenttypesoflinkedlist
What is a stack? e*pf ti" ihe pustr and pop operations of the(8) ( 11) (8) ( 11) (11)-!^ ^1.5LdLK., Write an algorithm tofind the factorial of given number using recursion
Explain array in detail. questions' (Any Two) Explain Circular Queue with example' Explain PrioritY Queue in detail' Explain any one type of linked list with example' SECTION.II 4
Answdr the following questions in brief' (A) Define the terms related to treel Height' Degree (g) What is a full binarY tree? -(ai Explain the terms: Internal Sort and In Place Sort' (D) Explain tne idvantages of sequential representation of a binary tree.5. questions' (Any Two) (A) Explain.the properties of a binary tree'- iui E*'ptuin the different representations of tree data structure. ici Explain preorder traversal of a binary search tree' 6.* ' Answer the fotlowing questions' (Any Two) (A) fxptain theEinary Seaictr with example' igi wiite an algorithm for Bubble Sort' iCi Write an algorithm for S-election Sortt -- EnrollmentNo
Discuss features of JAVA" Discuss type conversion in brief' ( ' Explain arithmetic and relational operators *iih p'op"r example' \\,'hat is variable in Java?
Define its rules' Ansrver the following: (AnY Two) Discuss g\vitch statement with suitable example' Whatisaconstructor?Explainwithproperexample' Explain method overloading and method overiding with example' What is inheritance?
List out all types of inheritance'Q-2.L tr. tAl I
Explain use of try" 'catch blocks for exception handling' tAl (AnY Two) I.Listouttypesofarray.Explainonedimensioqalarraywithproperexample
Discuss interface with suitable example' 'i III
Explain string buffer class in details' tBl What is an arraY?(08) (10) (01) (10) Q-6. tAl (Any Two) L Discuss different types of exceptions in java' U
ExPlain java Package in brief' fiI
Write a short on use of finally block' ^f arrnr in Iava-(01)/ I (08) (10) cANpAT uNl\r,Rsrr#*o'*ent No' M.c.A. sEM-rr EXAMTNATTON (CBCS) PI2A3IWDT:INTRODUCTION To wEB DEVELOPMENT TooL Hoursl Q-1
Discuss new Form elements with suitable example
Explain HTML5 media elements in brief
Explain <canvas> element with suitable example
List out the new features of HTML5
Draw the Structurar Erements in HTML5 and exprain it
Define the term ApI and explain geolocation iir detail
What is SVG?
Write down advantages of SVG. ![I
List out SVG shape erements and explain any one erement with exampre
Explain Murti column properties in cSS3 with suitable exampre
List out event methods in jquery and explain any one
Any Two) r' what is 2D transform?
Discuss the making links printabre with : and,after in details
what is Hoverable Table?
Discuss it in detail ri,ith suitabre exampre
Ansrver the following: (Any Two) I' Define the term iquery.Exprain loadingiquery to web pages in brief. ,,' what isiquery serector?
J. e1. . 1 Explain in details : OSI Layers 2 what is computer Networks? what is the need behind computer Networks?
Describe advantages of Computer Networks. lA] Ansu,er the following
Any One) 1 what is Network Model? what are the main benefits of Network Model? 2 Explain in brief : LAN, MAN, WAN lB] Do as dirbcted : (Any One) 1 Define tirese keywords: Internetwork, Inteinet, Extranet 2 Describe these keywords: X.25 Protocol, NiC, Gateway lA] Answer the follorving
Any One) 1 Explain in brief : TCP/IP Model 2 What is ATM?
How ATM Network wor.ks?(08) (04) (07) (04)(07)2. 3. 1 ) IAI 1 2 3 IB] IAI 1 2 J tBlSECTION - II Ansn er the following
Describe IPv4 Address, Classes and its Classifications Define these terms: Network Address
Describe in brief : Loopback IPv4 Addresses, HTTP, SMTP Explain in details : Unicast, Multicast, Broadcast, WWW, BOOTP Give the full form : ICMP,IGMP question.(Any Two) What is DNS?
How does it work?
What is DHCP?
Give the full form these keywords : ARP, IARP, FTP, TFTP, HTTPS (10) 6.(01) (10) What is Telnet?
Explain lNF,2NF, BCNF u'ith exampie' Explain structure of DBMS in brief
What is Entity in database?
AnY Two) Explain transaction with its properties' Write a short note on System Recovery' Explain Two Phase Commit protocol with example' What is DDBMS?(8)1. 2) 3)(10) (10)(1) 3.A 1) 2) 5) (1)I I , ISECTIO\-II 1
Explain how to create ,update view rvith exampie
Explain like operator in oracle with example
Explain types of set operators with example" Explain group by clause with having, ro,up and cube operator
B What is Dump Function?
What you should do and don't while writing formal letters?
Him Can talk for a minute?