Q3 wn SECTION-I Answer the following What is HTML?
List the Features of HTMLS
What is CSS?
Give the Syntax of CSS syntax
What are tags? 2
Write Down Code For x? 2y- y Answer the following.(Any TWO) What are an Attributes?
Explain Any 5 common Attributes of all the tag
What is Use form Elements?
Explain any five Input type with Examples GIVE the full FORM of CSS
Explain the following With Context to CSS Backgrounds Borders Margins Padding Height Width yPodye Answer the following.(Any TWO) What s the use of Selector in CSS
Explain different type of Selector available in CSS with Proper Example
What is Bootstrap?
Explain the following with examples
What are the key components of Bootstrap?
Discuss TCP/IP Reference model Answer the following
Discuss persistent and Non persistent HTTP
Discuss IP Address Classes and blocks
What are the responsibilities of Transport layer ?
Explain TCP Header
Write a short note on IPv6
ALL) What was the problem in IP that ICMP was developed?
Discuss ICMP Protocol in brief
Explain Link-State Routing Protocol with a suitable example
Explain Linux Directory Structure in brief
Discuss attack techniques
Explain Virtualization Architecture
Write a short note on Physical Layer X.25
Draw and Describe all methods of Activity Life cycle with its skeleton. 2
Write a short note on Android Architecture. 2
Describe: Date and Time Pickers. 2
How to use integer and integer array resources?
Explain. 3
What is Layout?
Explain its Any four Layouts. 3
What is Dialog?
Explain its any two types. 2
What is Log?
How does it differ from Toast?
Write a program to change background color of Android Activity
Answer the following. 1, What is File?
How to write file in Android? 2
Describe Frame by Frame animation with example. 5
What is firebase?
Explain its features. 3
What is menu?
How to use context menu in Android?
Explain. 6
How to perform CRUD operations using SQLite?
Explain. 2
What is shared preference?
How to read and write record from it. 3
Write a short note on Types of storage in Android OS
Explain any four Common matching symbols with example
List all built-in Java annotations and explain any 2 of them in brief. 2s Answer the following
ANY TWO) (1) What is the significance of JDBC?
Explain all the four types of drivers available in JDBC
What is a Servlet?
Explain the lifecycle methods of a servlet
List all the implicit objects available in JSP and explain any 2 of them in detail. 3
ANY TWO) (1) Explain the various methods of ResultSet of java.sql Package (2) What are the different ways of managing a session?
Explain each of them using proper code
List the various scripting elements of JSP
Explain each of them along with their syntax
What are Java Beans?
Explain the role of beans in MVC, (2) Explain any four JSF tags with example. 4 Answer the following
Differentiate between Statement and PreparedStatement
Show the syntax of using both the Statement and PreparedStatement
Explain C# Array in detail
What is inheritance?
Explain types of inheritance
Explain MVC architecture in detail
What are strong types of helper method?
Explain in detail
How you can send a data from controller to view?
Which is base class of every user defined controller class?
Explain types of Action Results & Return Type in detail
Explain anyone conditional statement of Razor engine with example
What is Routing?
Explain URL routing in detail
Can we bind a multiple model to strong type of view?
Explain implicit Razor expression in one or two lines
Define Key Performance Indicators (KPI)
Differentiate between descriptive analysis and predictive analysis
Differentiate between structured and unstructured data
Define terms: Data Mining, Machine Learning Answer the following (ANY TWO ) (1) Explain the different types of digital data
Define Big Data
Explain the characteristics of Big Data
Explain about the architecture of Big Data
Write down the Unix commands related to file creation & permissions
Write down the steps to install Hadoop system on Ubuntu OS
Explain terms: NameNode and DataNode (2) What is Data Replication?
What is Hadoop Yarn resource manager?
What is Data Serialization?
Explain about specific file types in Hadoop
Explain about Apache Hadoop and its advantages
Answer the following (ANY TWO ) (1) What is Map-reduce?
Explain the characteristics of MapReduce
Discuss various configuration files used in Hadoop installation
Explain about the Hadoop Yarn Architecture
Explain LDAP injection with Suitable example
What is Cross-site scripting attack (XSS) and what are the reasons for the XSS attacks?
Explain the in brief the types of Cross-site Scripting (XSS). a: Answer the following (Any Two ) (653) (A) What is SQL injection?
How SQL injection can be performed?
Explain in detail Penetration testing phases. 5
Answer the following (Any Two) dab (A) What is Vulnerability and Vulnerability Scanner?
Explain in detail the tools used for Vulnerability Assessment
What is Metasploit?
Explain Metasploit framework structure
Explain the factors that make the organization vulnerable to Social Engineering attack. 6
Explain the types of Social Engineering attacks in detail
Explain how users can be attacked by different ways of capturing user inputs
Explain different types of Cyber Attacks in detail