Explain string handling functions with example
What is UDI?
List out category of UDF and Discuss any one category with example, Discuss structure in detail with proper example
What is pointer?
How to declare and initialize pointer?
Discuss it with example
Discuss fopenQ and felosc() functions with example
Explain syntax error, run time error, logical error and latent error
What is recursion?
Explain it with proper example
Write a C program for addition of two matrix
Explain the concept of call by value and call by reference with example
Discuss fiellQ), fseek() and rewind() functions with proper example
Answer the following : (Any One) is macro substitution’?
List out macro substitution and explain any one in Define following functions: () malloc) (Decalloc() (ID free) 130] [12] [12] [06] , B.Se
Write a short note on ‘Two-Dimensional Array. 2, List out various category of UDE, Discuss any one category with 3. iate structure V/S union, Write a short note on Union. 4
Mow to declare and initi ze pointer?
Discuss it with example. 5
Discuss fopen() and felose() function with example. 6
Explain Scope, Visibility and Lifetime of variables with example
Discuss compile time initialization of one dimensional array with example. 2
What is Recursion?
Explain it with proper example. 3
Explain getchar(), gets(), putchar( ), and puts() functions. 3
Discuss array of structure with example. nN What is the difference between call by value and call by reference?
Discuss it with example. ; 3
How to use command line argument in file I/O operation?
Discuss it. 4
Any Two) [A] What is color space?
Explain types of color space. |B] Describe any three menus of Photoshop. [C] | Write a short note on HSB (Hue, Saturation and Brightness)
SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) IA] [B] IC] [D] [E] IF] IG] IA] [B] Ic] [A] [B] What is accounting?
Explain advantages and disadvantages of accounting
Write a short note on types of account with an example
Write a short note on trading account and profit & loss account
Write a short note on branches of account
What is accounting ratio?
Explain classification of accounting ratio
What is marginal costing?
List out advantages and limitations of marginal costing
Any Two) (12) What is subsidiary book?
Explain types of subsidiary book
What is final account?
Explain objectives of final account
Find out BEP (in unit) and BEP (in rupees) Answer the following
Any One) What is Tally?
Define features of tally?
Write short note on voucher
Write a short note on Grey Code with an example
What are Number Systems? illustrate decimal number system in brief
Explain the Following terms in brief
Explain Pipelining Parallelism in brief. 5
What is Microprocessor 8085?
Explain its features in details. 6
Convert the following terms: (1) (10110)2 = (?)10 (2) (16290)10 = (2)16 - Explain the Error correction codes in details with an example. 3
State the difference between RISC and CISC architecture, 3
What is Addressing Techniques?
Explain in details
Explain ASCII and EBCDC Alphanumeric codes in brief with an example. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) I
Explain different types of operating systems
Explain different types of registers in processor
Draw the block diagram of microprocessor and explain its components
Write a short note on plug and play feature
What is the use of programming language?
Explain different categories of programming languages and compare them
Explain disk mirroring with its advantages
What different types of functions an operating system can perform?
Discuss
Write a short note: OS registry Explain computer booting process
Explain system software, application software and utility software
Write a short note on multicore technology
Answer the following: (Any One) (06) What is file compression?
How does it work?
What are the different types of data storage solutions available?
SECTION-I Attempt any FIVE out of SEVEN: Write your expressions for the following situations: (i) Expressing gratitude, (ii) introducing yourself and (iii) congratulating people on their success Explain the following terms: (i) Synonyms (ii) Antonyms (iii) Prefixes What do you mean by presentation?
Discuss various attention grabbers for effective presentation skills
What are the different types of a formal letter?
Discuss various Email Etiquettes?
What are the characteristics of writing a formal NOTICE?
What is an advertisement?
Discuss classified text and display ads with examples
Use the prefix ‘ir-? and make two words
Give Synonyms for the word, ‘TOXIC’
Give Antonyms for the word, ‘MATURE’
Identify error in the sentence) What are the characteristics of a good speaker?
Discuss various types of modal auxiliary verbs
Attempt Any ONE: (06) What do you mean by Group Discussion?
Discuss various types of GD