Each section should be written in a separate answer book SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) What is color space?
Explain types of color space in details
Write a short note on Resolution
Explain Transformation in Photoshop
Describe the Corel draw interface with figure
Write steps to move Circle from top to bottom in animation (Synfig studio)
Describe the Animation package (Synfig studio) toolbox in details
Write a short note on HSB (Hue, Saturation and Brightness) or HSL
State the importance of Gradient tools in animation synfig studio
Any One) (06) What is multimedia?
Discuss any two elements of multimedia
Describe important panel and their functions in Animation tool
Write a short note on Methods of Accounting. 2
Discuss the Branches of Accounting in detail. 4
Write down the difference between Trial Balance and Balance Sheet. 5
Write down advantages of Accounting Ratio. 6
Discuss the advantages of Marginal Costing. 7
Discuss voucher types available in Tally
Write down future of accounting. 2
Discuss the Subsidiary Books in detail
Calculate interest on capital at 5% per annum
Write a short note on Breakeven Point
Write down futures of Tally Accounting Software
Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) () Doas directed. a) Convert (120.80)1o = (2)g b) Convert (10001101)2 = (?)i0 c) Convert (101110.001001)) = (?)i6 (II) How to represent Integer Number?
Discuss it with example
Explain various characteristics of RISC Machines
IV) What is Micro controller?
Discuss any one Application of Micro controller
Discuss Array Computers Method of Processor Level Parallelism
Any Two) (12) () _Doas directed. a) Convert (125)i9 = (?)2 b) Subtract (1011): — (0011), using simple method. ©) Multiply (1101); * (1101), using simple method
Explain Excess-3 Code with example
Discuss about Traps
SECTION-I A: Answer the following: (Any 5) [30] (A) What is OS?
Write down various functionality of operating system
Explain how hardware and software work together with suitable example
Write a short note on hyper threading processor (D) What is software?
Explain various software in brief (E) Discuss how File Compression Makes Files Smaller (F) Explain how computer perform addition (G)_ Write a short note on Operating system registry
Write down steps to install various operating systems in brief
Q-3 Answer the following: (Any 2) [12] (A) What is register?
use proper verb form of ‘run’) lask a question?
Discuss Information gathering stage of presentation G
Q.3 (A) What are the types/modes of delivery of presentation?