II What is meant by the semantics of a natural language?
Explain with some example
IV What is the tokenization in NLP?
Why do we need tokenization?
V_— What is Text Mining?
What is the difference between text mining and NLP?
VI Why and how is a n-gram useful in NLP?
VII What is a corpus?
Give few examples of corpus
Answer the following.(Any Two) (08) I What is frequency distribution?
How the class FreqDist works?
II What is bigram and trigram in NLP?
Ill What are POS tags in NLP?
What is the purpose of using Named Entity Recognition (NER)? 3
Il What is the confusion matrix?
Choose the correct answer from the following choice (01) What is Machine translation?
Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) Why clustering is used in machine learning?
Explain in brief. eo) Explain k-means clustering algorithm in detail
What is overfitting?
Explain the technique that is used to solved the overfitting problem
What is variance?
Explain voting-based ensemble learning in brief, Write a short note on recommend system
Explain collaborative filtering system in detail
Explain the DBSCAN clustering algorithm with the figure in detail
Write a short note on semi-supervised learning
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (06) What is dendrogram?
Explain Mini-batch k-means clustering algorithm
List down the linkage methods in hierarchical clustering
Explain any three methods in brief
What is bias?
Explain bagging ensemble learning with proper example
Write down the steps for performing the AdaBoost algorithm
What is content-based filtering technique?
Explain in detail
Write down the diff. between the supervised and semi-supervised learning
Explain the types of real-world applications of semi-supervised learning
Answer the following: (ANY SLX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) A. | What is Reinforcement learning?
Explain the key features of Reinforcement Learning
Explain how does Reinforcement Learning Work?
How bell-man equation is used in RL to find optimal policy?
List out an activation functions used in ANN and explain any 2 in details
F. _ Whatis the role of optimizers in ANN?
List down all and explain any three optimizers in details
Discuss the approaches to implement Reinforcement Learning
Explain the elements of Reinforcement Learning. 3
Explain Q-learning algorithm in detail
Explain how Markov decision problems is used in Reinforcement Learning. 4
Howto decide which activation function should be used in output layer?
What is ANN?
Explain the architecture of an artificial neural network. 5
What is Deep Learning?
Why Deep Learning?
Explain RNN algorithm in brief
Explain Auto-encoders algorithm in brief