What is PHP?
Explain usefulness of and advantages of PHP 2
List out datatypes of PHP and explain usefulness of any four datatypes with example
What is MySQL and why it is used?
Write down steps of PHP and MySQL database integration
What is exception?
Explain exception handling is PHP
What is function?
Explain how to create user define function in PHP NN Mw Pw Explain use of HTML <form> tag with attributes
What is CMS?
Explain benefits of WordPress, What is Joomla?
Explain Joomla architecture with diagram
Explain any three file or filesystem related function of PHP with example 3
Answer in brief : (Any six) What is a Cookie?
What is a Session?
What is PHP Framework? 4
State the difference : GET and POST What is the difference between a sub-query and a join?
Under what circumstances would you not be able to use a sub-query? 6
Write a query to find total number of records stored in employee table 7
What are the advantages of SQL? 4
What is looping structure?
SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any 5) What is Process?
Explain Process State Diagram in detail
List out Types of Operating System and explain any one Operating System
Explain Critical Section Problem in detail
What is Deadlock?
Explain Deadlock Characterization
Discuss Swapping
Write a short note on Paging
Explain Features of Unix
Discuss Reader-Writer Problem in detail
List out Process Scheduling Algorithm and Explain any one Scheduling Algorithm
Explain Deadlock Recovery
Define Segmentation
Explain ls Command and we Command with Example
Write the short note on VLAN
Explain active directory service with its features in brief
Explain the virtualization with its types
Discuss the firewall in brief. ee Short note on the RIP
Explain Intra domain routing and Inter domain routing in brief
Define: (A) Domains (B) Forests Q-4
Explain stakeholder identification techniques in brief
Explain interview technique of data collection in detail
What is stakeholder?
Explain different types of stakeholders
What is primary data’?
How does it differ from secondary data?
Why quality of data is important for any business organization?
Discuss
Explain data visualization techniques
What is CATWOE analysis?
How does it help in business analysis and decision making?
Explain the business analysis process flow
Explain scenario and prototyping techniques in brief. 3
How does rich picture and context diagram techniques are useful to document the findings afier investigation?
Discuss both techniques in brief. is) Answer the following: (Any One) Explain various tools for business analytics
What is data validation?
Write down the steps to solve data validation problems using Excel