Illustrate the Android SDK with their codenames
Write a short note on List View
Explain Linear Layout with suitable example
What is Shared Preference?
How to use it?
Ss: Re ee What is reverse engineering?
Discuss the android application resources in detail. 2
What is the use of Android Manifest file?
Define with example. 3
Explain Edit Text with all its types. 3
What is Layout?
Explain Constraint Layout with all attributes. 2
Write a short note on Grid View. 3
Create a program to insert and update the student’s record in SQLite. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) 1
How to extract the details from APK file? 2
How to modify the code in android APK file?
Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) a) How to define class and call member function in PHP?
Discuss it with example. b) Explain inheritance in PHP with example. c) Discuss Abstract Class in PHP with example. d) Write a short note on PHP Namespaces. e) Differentiate PDO Vs
MySQLi. f) What is WordPress?
Discuss advantages and disadvantages of WordPress. g) Explain various user roles available in WordPress
WordPress Post. c) What is CMS?
Discuss features of CMS. 4
Discuss managed code and unmanaged code with execution process
Justify the use of radiobuttonlist and checkboxlist with its properties and example
Discuss detailview and formview with example
What do you understand by SQL injection?
Explain it with ASP.NET application
SECTION-II Answer the following: (any two) (12) What is class and object?
Discuss advantages of OOPs
What do you understand by Just In Time compiler?
Explain its types
Answer the following: (any two) (12) What is session?
Explain session in ASP.NET
Discuss skin file, theme and stylesheet with example
Discuss available .net data provider
Explain cross site request forgery with ASP.NET application
SECTION-I Qi Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) A) What is Software?
Explain various types of software in brief
Discuss Waterfall model in brief
Explain Business Process Engineering in brief D) Discuss Data Modeling concepts in brief E) Explain Spiral model in detail
Explain process pattern in brief
List out various software myths and explain any one in detail
Write a short note on RAD model Q.3 Answer the following: (Any 2) (12) A) Explain Requirement Engineering Process in brief B) Discuss Flow Oriented Modeling and Class Based modeling in brief
Explain various Requirement Engineering Tasks in brief Q.4 Answer the following: (Any 1) (06) A) Discuss Unit Testing and Integration Testing with suitable example
Discuss various design models in brief