Any Five) (15) What is virtualization?
Explain in brief
Describe Cloud Monitoring Capabilities in brief
Explain Desktop Virtualization in brief
What is pub/ sub?
Describe the core concept of pub/ sub
Write a short-note on Server Virtualization
What is Cloud Computing?
Write a short-note on testing
Describe the components of the vCenter server? 2
Write a short-note on Network Virtualization
Describe Cloud Computing architecture. 2
Write a short note on Infrastructure-as-a-Service
What is Cloud Storage?
How Does Cloud Storage Work? 2
Describe the benefits of cloud storage
Explain App Engine Standard Environment in brief. 2
What does Run Time Environment mean?
State the difference between ITIL and ITSM. 2
Explain organization structure of a company. 3
Write a short note on the level of the service life-cycle decision. 4
List out the key components of the Demand management. 5
What is process?
Explain the characteristics of it. 6
Describe the goal of Problem Manager. 7
Describe the History of the ITIL. 8
Write a short note on Financial Management
Describe Service strategy Lifecycle stage in brief. 2
Write a short-note on Service Portfolio Management Process
Describe the role of Service Design Manager Role. 2
Write a short-note on service Portfolio in Service Design
Write a short note on DIK W Model
Describe the goals and objective of service asset and configuration management. 2
Write a short note on Risk Management
Describe the objectives of continual service improvement. 2
Explain Continual Service Improvement in brief
Describe SSL in brief. 2
Discuss Cloud Firewall in brief. 3
What is IP Security?
Explain in brief. 4
What is Network Security?
Describe in brief. 5
Write a short note on IPS. 6
Write a short note on Packet-filtering Firewall. 7
What is a network operations center?
How NOCs work?
Why is Network Security Important? 2
Describe security services in brief
Write a short note on firewall. 2
How firewall works?
What is VPN?
How VPN works? 2
Explain Intrusion Detection System in brief
Discuss the Case Study I - Kuwait Government IDS Survey. e@ 2
Discuss the Case study — Infosys Data Center
Describe the types of Dial Peer
What is VoIP?
Explain the use VoIP
Write a short note on post dial delay
Explain DOS Attack in brief
State the difference between Latency and Jitter
What is Codec?
Describe supported Codec for VoIP
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (04) Describe ephone-dn in brief?
Explain Component of VoIP
State the difference between FXS and FXO
What is WLAN?
Describe its advantages and disadvantages
Describe Wireless Security Vulnerabilities in brief
Answer the following: (ANY FIVE) (15) What is shell?
Explain the types of shell
Why we use Linux?
Write a short note on kick start file in Linux
Describe the network types in Linux System
Write a short note on IMAP
Write a short note on FTP
QAR S Aw Pp What is FHS?
Describe Linux file system and directory structure. 2
Define the keywords: Linux boot loader, LILO. 4
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (04) A. — What is SAMBA?
Write a short note on NFS. 5
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (04) A. — What is Webmin in Linux?