Write a sentence using a collocation :cyber security Do as directed: He 'make') She consult a doctor as her condition is worsening
Discuss the boredom factors in presentation skills
has, had / What do you mean by Group Discussion? explain its types
What do you mean by memorandum?
Explain various traits of it
What is a press release?
How to write an effective press release?
Explain its advantages
List out types of network model and discuss its
Explain TCP/IP model in detail
Discuss various issues in designing of layers in layered reference models
Write a short note on NIC card
Write a short note on Router and switch
Discuss lCMP and IGMP protocol
Explain different classes of IP addresses. .(Any One) Explain Line configuration in detail
What is topology?
List out various topology and Discuss Tree and star topology. .(Any Two) Give the difference between TCP/IP Vs OSI Model
Give the difference between connection oriented and Connection less network Write a short note on ATM. question.(Any Two) Explain Intranet and Extranet Network
Discuss Bridge and Repeater in details
Explain SNMP and SMTP protocol
List out and cxplain new features of HTML5 B) Explain new Ínput types in HTML
Write steps and code to cmbed audio in HTMIL5 1. 2
Explain any one with example
What is Jquery?
Explain with features of Jquery
Explain Cache Manifest with example
Explain Geolocation API with example. [ (Any Two) Explain how to style table with psuedoclasses with example
Explain how to create multi column Layout with example
List out types of 2D Transforms in HTML.Explain any one with example
Explain how to modify content using Set Method in Jquery
What is Type Casting?
Explain it with example
What is Constructor?
Explain its types with suitable example
Describe the Interface with implementation example
List out the Operators and Explain Relational Operators and Logical Write the short note on StringBuffer class
Write a short note on Method Overloading
Explain try, catch and finally block in Exception
Explain the following terms: (ANY 1) Write a short note on JVM, JDK and JRE in details
Describe the Data Types in detail
Explain Method Overriding with example
Explain the types of inheritance
Answer the followving: (ANY 1) What is use of wrapper class?
Define the Vector class
Explain any four methods of Vector class
Define Autoboxing and Unboxing
What is Exception?
Explain types of error with example
Explain Role of DBA
Describe various benefits of database
Explain ACID properties of transactions What is constraint?
Explain types of constraint
What is BCNF?
Explain BCNF normal form with suitable example
Explain any two types of JOIN in detail
What is use of GRANT and REVOKE statement in SOL?
Explain SUB QUERY with example
Describe any seven Codd's Rules for RDBMS
Describe SQL data types in detail
Explain types of recovery methods in detail
Define normalization?
Explain first and second normal form in brief
Explain GROUP BY and HAVING clause with suitable example
Explain different type of SET operators in detail