Discuss java tokens in detail
What is Inheritance?
List out types of Inheritance
Explain any two Inheritances with suitable example
List out types of loops in JAVA
Discuss FOR loop with example
Discuss method overloading and method overriding with example
Explain wrapper classes in brief
List out string methods in JAVA
Explain any two with proper example
Write a short note on different types of exceptions in JAVA. fo) N
Answer the following: (Any One) What is Java?
Discuss features of JAVA in brief
Discuss arithmetic and relational operators with example in JAVA
Discuss switch statement with suitable example in JAVA
Explain IF ELSE statement with proper example
Discuss NEW and FINAL keywords with suitable example in JAVA
What is a constructor?
Explain with proper example
What is an Array?
List out types of Array
Explain One-Dimensional array with suitable example
Discuss Interface concept with appropriate example in JAVA
Write a short on string buffer class in JAVA
Discuss java package in details
What is Computer Network?
Explain advantages of it
List out Network Topology?
Explain any one in detail
Differentiate OSI Model with TCP/IP Model
Write down short note on ATM
Write a short note on Wireless Network
What is Extranet?
Write a short note on Extranet
Explain Classes of IP Addressing
Explain ARP Protocol in detail
Explain any three layer of OSI Model
Explain communication procedure between the layers
Draw TCP/IP model and explain each layer in detail
Explain various issues in designing of layers
Explain the necessity of layered reference models
Explain Connectionless and connection oriented services
List out the Network Component
Explain aay one in brief
Discuss the functionalities of Protocols
Write a short note on ICMP
Write a full form of FTP
Write a short note on I/O devices
Explain echo command with suitable example
Discuss Date command with its attributes
Explain Vi Editor with its modes in details
Discuss Who command with its attributes. e mas BPO pp Explain if then fi with example. 2
Explain it in brief. fs) Explain Read statement with example. 4
How to create new shell script program? is the extension of shell script program
What is code name?
Discuss versions of android
Explain life cycle of an android activity
Write short note on android Manifest file
Explain EditText in detail with example
Write a short note on Intent
Explain CheckBox with all attributes
Write a short note on Action Bar
Answer the following: (Any One) What is DVM?
Explain the difference between JVM and DVM
Explain Android Architecture in brief
Explain the android application component in brief
Explain DatePicker in detail
Write short note on SeekBar
Discuss any one in detail
Explain ListView in detail