Discuss component of Linux Operating System
Give difference between Linux and Unix
Explain all Filters in detail
What is Shell?
Write down advantages and disadvantages of Shell Script
Discuss File Globbing in detail
Differentiate YUM V/S RPM
Explain Shadow file in detail
What is RAID?
Explain any two level of RAID in detail. 2
Write a short note on Network IP Address
Discuss Manual Pages with all options in brief
Explain all commands which are working with file content. 2
Discuss Absolute and Relative Paths in brief. 3
Discuss Encryption with crypt in detail. 2
Write a short note on User Account
SECTION-I de Answer the following: (Any Five) (30) What is data model?
Explain Hierarchical Data model
What is E-R model?
Explain various component of E-R model
What are constraints?
Explain all constraints
Define the categories of Data Manipulation Language with example Explain any five-aggregate function with example What are indexes?
Explain any types of indexes. wah Ff eS Write a short note on SNF
Write different between RDBMS and DBMS. 2
What is normalization?
Explain 1NF with example. 3
Explain the Dr
Define categories of Transaction control language with example. 2
What is joins?
Explain types of joins. 3
Explain having by and group by with example. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) 1
Discuss grant and revoke permission with example. 2
Explain view with example
Explain type conversation and type casting with example
What is multi thread?
Explain different way to implements thread
What is inheritance?
Explain in detail
Explain ArrayList with example
Explain InetAddress class with example
What is lambda expression?
Explain advantages of it
SECTION- II 2 Answer the following in detail: (ANY TWO) (12) A) Why is Java called platform independent?
Differentiate between abstract classes with interface
List any six exception handler name and give cause of occur. 5 Answer the following in detail: (ANY TWO) (12) A) Explain java.util
Explain TCP/IP Server Socket with example
Explain in brief java security manager. 4 Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (06) A) Explain method and constructor reference of lambda expression
Explain Generic functional interface of lambda expressions
Discuss various Network Topologies in brief
Explain OSI Model in brief
Write down difference between IPV4 and IPV6
Explain sliding window protocol in brief
Write a short note on switching
Write a short note on ARP and RARP
Describe Different Tools of digital forensic Configure Logs and log management Draw Network Diagram and elaborate network device Evidence
Illustrate Evidence Acquisition
Explain incident response Framework in detail. 2
Explain the Digital Forensic process. 3
Explain Way to Acquiring Host based Evidence Volatility. 2
What is Packet Capture?
Describe in Detail. 3
Explain Onion Security. 4
Illustrate Types of Documentation. 2
Explain Dead Imaging
Explain the Classification of Ecosystem. is Water Pollution?
Discuss the Source, Classification and Preventing from Water Pollution 4, Discuss Current Environmental Global Issues
State word Disaster? ustrate the Disaster Management Cycle
SECTION-IL Anawer ‘he following: ( Any Two) (12) about Environment?
Discuss the Scope of Environment. 2
Describe the Components of Ecosystem. ss The Hydrologic Cycle. y the following: (Any Two) (42) the Air Pollution in brief. 2 Discuss the Source, Effects and the way of control the Noise (8) ance of Police as a Local Institutions in Rehabilitation ernment in Rehabilitation