Define about the type casting and Explain it with example
Explain the use of getchar() and putchar() with example
Explain the use of switch statement with example
Discuss about break and continue statement with Example
Write the short note on arrays of structures
Explain the Basic Structure of the C Language. 2
Define variable
How to use of variable?
Write the short note on operator precedence and associativity
Give the difference between Entry Controlled Loop and Exit Controlled Loop? 3
Write a short note on for loop
Discuss the recursion with suitable example
Give the differences between Array and Structure
Write a short note on E-Mail. 2
Discuss FTP, Remote Login, Ecommerce, E-learning and E- banking @ 3
Define the term HTML and explain basic tags. 4
Define HTML
Why it is required?
Discuss spanning Rows and Columns. 7
Define JavaScript .Write a code for simple Java Script. 8 List out control statement and explain anyone
Write a short note on Internet. 2
Discuss Types of network. & Q-3
Define the term loops explain it. 2
List out Operators and explain it
Write a short note on List tags. 2
Write a short note on Formatting tags
Any One) (08) 1 Define table?
Explain <TABLE? tag with suitable example. g and <TEXTAREA?> tag in details. 2
Explain <INPUT> tai — END oF PAFER —— GANPAT UNNIVERSITY B.Sc
Any Five) (30) How to creating a new presentation? and write down its step
Discuss the Components of Open Office in details
What is database?
How to create database?
List out Advantages of open office base?
Write a short note on Working with Documents with figure
How do user add Watermark in background in OpenOffice? "ma Yk YD Q2
Write a short note on Macro. . 2
Define the term Tables
Write down its steps to create it. 3
What is an Open Source Software?
Describe the advantages of Open Source Software
Write a short note on spread sheets? 2
Write a short note on mail merge with its advantage. 3
Explain List out types of Chart and write down to steps to creating chart
Any Five) What is Software?
Explain two main types of software in brief
What is Hard Drive?
Describe HDD and SSD in brief
Give the full form of these keywords: ALU, USB, CD-ROM, DVD, OCR
Discuss in brief: Cache Memory, Backup and Recovery. vk yvener What is NIC?
Where is a network card located in a computer?
How does a computer with a network card connect to a network? a What is Booting?
Describe Boot Sequence in brief
Explain Machine Language with its advantages and disadvantages
What is Assembly Language?
List out its advantages and disadvantages
Discuss block diagram of computer in brief
What is ISA?
List out its. examples
What is Printer?
Describe the types of printers. 2
What is Modem?
Explain the working of modem?
What is OMR?
Describe its pros and cons in brief
Write a short-note on Disc Management. 2, Discuss Defragmentation in brief. 3
Define these keywords: Boot Loader, Boot Devices, Virus, Antivirus
What is communication?
Define the model of process of communication
What is the different type of tenses?
Explain any four with example and sentence type
Explain the suggestions for improving comprehension skill
What are the general traits of a good listener?
Explain them in details
What is reading skill?
What are the types of reading?
H. — What is sentence?
What are the various functional types of sentences? 2
Describe the methods of communication
Explain communication barriers with remedies to overcome. 3