What is MongoDB?
Discuss the advantages of MongoDB in brief
How to Insert and Delete Document in MongoDB explain with example
Explain the aggregate() method in MongoDB with example
Explain the Heatmaps and Scatter Charts in brief
Discuss the MongoDB Database References in detail with example
Explain Auto-Increment Sequence in MongoDB with example
Explain Line and Area Charts in MongoDB
What is NoSQL?
Discuss the Types of NoSQL databases
How to Create and Drop Collection in MongoDB explain with example
Explain MapReduce in MongoDB with example
Write a short note on Objectld in MongoDB, C Explain Regular Expression in MongoDB with example
Beprecise and to the point in your answer Lach scction should be written in a scparatc answer book (Any Five) What is servlet?
Discuss life cvcle of servlet
Write a short note on standard actions
Discuss different types of JSF Hml tags in detail
Write a JSP program for insert and select operation
Explain architecture ofHibernate
Discuss tvpes of hibernate annotation
List out the methods used for reading form data
Explain it with cxamplc
Explain any one with example
Discuss RequestDispatcher in detail
What is the use of scripting elements?
Explain example. 2
What is JSP?
Write down advantages over Servlet
Explain different phases of JSF life cycle. 1
List out different types of events in JSE
Explain any one in detail
What is navigation?
Explain anyonc
Write a short note on ORM. | 2
Write a hibernate program for insert operation
Explain the MVC architecture of Angular/S with an appropriate example
What is $rootscope and how do we use it?
Discuss AngularJS CSS in bricf
Explain the ng-repeat directive
How many types of data binding are there in AngularJS?
Discuss the Events: ng-Click, Mouse with suitable example
Explain the differences between one-way binding and two-way binding
Discuss AngularJS Array with appropriate example
What is AngularJS Module?
Explain how to create a Module?
Define the term controller
Explain it with example in brief
Explain AngularJS Form Validation with appropriate example
Explain the built-in filters with suitable examples
How can you integrate AngularJS with HTML?
What is Angular JS animation?
Explain step by step how to Animate an HTML element?
Explain Collaboration diagram in detail vith suitable example
What is UML?
Explain Generalization Relationship with suitable example
Explain lnterface, type and role with suitable example
What is forking and joining? explain it with suitable example
Explain Behavioral things in Basic Building blocks
Explain multiplicity with example
Which are basic building blocks?
Explain Structural things in Detail
ANY TWO) What is association class?
Explain with example
What is class?
How to give name, attribute and operations with class in detail?
Explain Has-a" kind of relationship with suitable example
ANY TWO) Create a class Diagram for Online exanination [ What is Package?
How can assign name and ovwncd elements in package
Explain Importing and exporting in package
Explain Sequence diagram in detail and with example
What is usecase diagram?
Explain it in detail also explain the components of use case diagram Explain activity diagram in detail with suitable example
Explain the filter pipclne in detail
How you can consume WEBAPI using JQucry ajax
Explain the layout and vicwimport vicws with cxamples
What is routing?
Explain types of routing in detail
Explain the return types of an ActionMethod using an example
Explain the code first and database first approach in detail
II What is a filter?
Explain the types of filters in detail
What is JSON?
Explain in detail with examples
Write a code to create WEBAPI that generates any single random number between I and 100 and compares it with the parameter passed by the user to the action method