Any Six) Q-2 0} (i) (mm) (Iv) vy) (vp (vil) vin (A) (8) (A) (B) Why Activity is required in Android?
How activities are implemented?
Demonstrate using proper code and explanation. ; Why Android is so popular?
Justify its popularity features wise. js id in details, Explain hist. f android in ; ; Why layout ” required in Android?
Illustrate relative layout with suitable Why edepter is required in Listview?
Demonstrate with proper example. i two controls with suitable example. i ??
Explain any eat ‘sul nan . eS application or API available to send SMS?
What i ot 7 Show how to use alert dialog with proper code. at is dialog?
Explain the architecture of ot oid Activity Life Cycle?
List out all life cycle methods vy we Need to control Any two methods of your choice in brief. of Android Activity, Descti Wh: tener iS required in android?
Explain the OnClick listener at is listener?
Why liste with suitable example
What is fragment?
Why frag) Explain fragment in detail W! ment is Tequired to be reused for common UI space? th proper example
Doas directed, es of methods with proper example. at is SQLite?
Explain the tyP store data of App?
How many alternatives the aes Android use file sy ee y to saV° Your app data?
What is AngularJS Module?
Explain how to create a Module?
Explain AngularJS Form Validation with appropriate example
Write a short note on Animate in HTML, element
Differentiate: One-way bin ding v/s two-way binding
Explain controller with suitable example
Write a short note on Shttp and Stimeout
Discuss the HTML DOM in brie Answer the following: (ANY TWo) Explain MVC architecture of Angularls with appropriate example
Discuss the AngularJS Object with Suitable example
What is Data Binding in Aneularygy Explain with appropriate example
Explain built-in Angula)S filters with Suitable examples. . ic Discuss the Events: oe Write a short note 02 APS Answer the following ( How can you integrate A™ : + bet D Sin seuss AngularlS C5°™ 30 Explain ity ; ; Jat With appropriate example. ‘2 APER What is Routing in AD” END OF k and Mouse, JS $e . ane PN eNt object, TWo) gular!
Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) What is MongoDB?
Discuss the advantages of MongoDB
What is NoSQL?
Discuss the use of NoSQL in Industry Discuss aggregateO in MongoDB with example in details
How to Create and Drop Database and Collection in MongoDB Explain Relationships in MongoDB
Explain MapReduee in Mongo
Explain Column and Bar Charts in MongoDB
Discuss Text Charts in MongoDB. 2
Explain the types of NoSQL- databases in detail
Explain MongoDB Query Language in detail. the following: (ANY TWO) (08) Answer o A. — Explain the us¢ of pretty0: limit(, sort, ensureIndex() in MongoDB. * ain B
Explain Insert, update and Delete Document in MongoDB with example. » Explain Insert, ‘GQ sD i terms: Database, Collection, Document, ObjectID . efine the ing: (ANY Tw (08) ‘ Answer the followine" © 0) A
Explain Regular expression with example in MongoDB. - Explain Re; — BE: i. in Covered Queries with example in MongoDB
Xplain Cov! . . c a in nt earch with example jn MongoDB. . lain Te: . 5. owing?
Discuss SDLC in brief
Discuss the five views (architecture) of a system with suitable diagram
Explain association and realization with example
Discuss aggregation and composition with suitable example E. _Incontext of class diagram explain visibility and multiplicity in the diagram
F What is interface?
How it is rendered in UML give suitable example. ® C Fora Library management system, Draw sequence diagram for the use case “ login” and “issue book”, H
Explain sequential and conditional flow in activity diagram. 2
Answer the following: (ANY 1) (06) AL Lista the building block of UML, and explain any one of the building . lown B Wee i an by common mechanism?
Discuss extensibility mechanism . lo you with suitable example. . 3
Answer the following?
How could you model the associane ane zation relationship?
Be Whatis a elation ship?
Define dependency
Explain the stereotypes used in dependen, cy. sagt 1 e 4
Answer the followi0S* ON te ” A. i : classes, ‘utes and relationships for Bank 5, B Whatis package?
Explain visib’ D "porting and exporting of package. 8)
Answer the following: (Any Six) (30) Explain MVC pattern in detail, How to send a data from action method to view?
Explain in brief
Explain razor code expressions, Explain data context class in detai), Explain following attributes which impacts on the schema of the database. 1
Foreign Key How WEBAPI Routing config work?
Explain ActionResult type in brieg
What is use of WEBAPI?
Explain benefit of WEBAPI
Explain Helper method in detail
What is view engine?
Write down difference between razor view engine and web form view engine
Explain code first and database first approach in detail
Answer the following: (4°Y one) (06) Explain model binding technique in detail, : fil ‘ What is filter?
Explain any ° "Mts in detaiy VT) Answer the following: (ABY wo) (08) . ail
Explain HTTP verbs in) deta! gom WE)
How to return JSON data f" YFBAPI controller?
Explain using example. sing J How to Consume WEBAP! using QUERY ajax(y?
Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) Explain methods of HTTPServiet class What is JSP?
Write down advantages of Servlet
What is navigation in JSF?
Explain any one
What is hibernate?
Write down advantages of it Write a servlet program which show the use of handling POST request Write down the difference between CGT ang Servlet
Write a short note on implicit objects in JSP mas noo w P Write a short note on hibernate query language 2
Answer the following: (ANY 1) 6) List out session tracking techniques, Differentiate session tracking with cookie and using HttpSession with an examp|e, Which interface is used to include the content o¢ another resource?
Explain in detail »D 3
Explain different phases of JSF life cycle. i « ts in J B. _ List out different types of even'S SF
Explain any one in detail. 4
Discuss standard validations 7 JSF in detaiy, B
Explain in detail the standard 9°80" '98s in gp, , Y1 5
Write a hibernate program for inse Paate/detete/display operation. . “4 ite B