Answer the following: (ANY SIX FROM EIGHT) (30) What is machine learning?
Explain supervised machine learning in detail
Explain the steps of ML framework for developing model. os fp What is linear regression?
Explain linear regression in detail. ao Explain the various terms of confusion matrix in brief
What is LASSO?
Explain LASSO regularization technique in detail
What is research?
Explain the importance of research in detail
Explain decision tree algorithm in detail. rom Hy o What is classification?
List down the classification algorithms in ML
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) ; (06) Explain the python libraries for data analysis in brief. b What is data analytics?
Explain variance and bias in brief. 3
Answer the following: (ANY TWo) (09) How to build logistic regression model?
Explain in brief. b Explain ROC curve and AUC in detail, c What is chart?
Explain Gain chart in detail
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (06) Explain polynomial regression in detail with suitable example. b What is regression?
Explain multi linear regression in detail. 5
Answer the following: (ANY TWO) (09) What is KNN?
Explain KNN in detail with proper example. rt vector machine algorithm in detail. b_ Explain suppo: . jem?
What is use of File?
Explain different file operation mode
Write in detail about Regular Expressions
How to create dataframe using cgy_ dictionary and list of tuples?
How to draw bar and line graph using matplotlib?
Explain using example
Write down python script to insert employee records to the database
How to send a mail using SMTP jn python?
Explain in detail about Tkinter of python
Explain XML Processing using python module in detail
Explain text and binary type Of files in python, II
Explain use *, +, and ? character in repytay expression with example
Explain search () and match () of re module with example
Explain head(), tail(, describe(). columns, ang shape of pandas module with example
How to draw pie and histo graph using ™atplotlib?
How to access MySQL database using phpmyadmin?
Explain in brief
Write down python soript ° select employee records from database
Using which function you c” call stoFed procedure from python script?
Discuss following Widgets of TkInter using example
Write down any two advantages of GU] Programming?
Explain agent in Ay, List out the various types of Agent and explain any one with suitable diagram
Explain minimax @lgorithm of adversarial search in detail
Explain A* search algorithm in detail
Explain Approaches to knowledge representation in detail
Explain First order predicate catoutys (FOPL) with example. . 2D; What is expert sySteM?
Explain problem solving agent
Explain Hill climbing search jn detail Answer the following: (ANy TWo) Explain Knowledge-Based Agent jn detail Write a note on conceptual dependency Of strong slot and filler structure
Discuss Pivot table with example
Write a short note on regression
What is node?
Discuss different types of nodes in Knime, Write down the steps to create bar chart in Knime
What is preprocessing
Discuss it with example using weka
Discuss association rules With example in weka, Answer the following: (Any One) (06) Explain Knowledge Discovery Process in detail
Discuss various types of 4#ta formats
Answer the following: (Any Two) : (09) What is the use of charts?
Explain any two'excel charts in detail
Explain what if analysis with “xample, n detail. g: (Any One) (06) Discuss correlation !