Discuss Non-Linear data structure in detail
Differentiate: Stack v/s Linked List
Describe various types of Queue with example
Write down algo for Deletion in Simple Queue
Explain different representation of Binary tree
Explain the different representation of Graph?
Write down algo for sequential Search Answer the following: (ANY ONE) Describe Primitive data structure
Write a short note on Linear data structure Answer the following:(ANY TWO) Write down algo for Stack push and Pop operation
Explain all types of linked list with example
Write down algo for Insertion in Circular Queue
Write down algo for In-order tree Traversal
What is Graph?
Explain terminology of Graph
Write down algo for Binary search
List out ERP Myths and explain any three of them Write a short note on features of Python
Explain Arithmetic and Logical Operators of python
Explain python List and its methods with appropriate example Explain ‘__init__’ special method with suitable example
What is Inheritance?
Explain How to inherit a class with example
Write a short note on Odoo Directory Structure Answer the following (Attempt any One) List out Common Functional Modules of ERP software and explain any two of them
Write short note on sub-system of HR Module
Answer the following (Attempt any One) What is Dictionary in python programming?
Explain it with example
Write a short note on python Exception Handling
Answer the following (Attempt any One) What is Quotation?
Explain various payment terms used in Quotations
Explain the components of SGA
Differentiate: SYSTEM table space. v/s SYSAUX table space
Describe storage structure of database with different five files used for physical storage structure
Explain the process of storing data into table
What is Trigger?
Discuss it with proper example
Discuss Management Framework in detail
Explain exception handling in PL/SQL Explain if...else with example Answer the following: (ANY 2) Explain Logical Storage Structure of the database with the use of Tablespaces, Segments, Extents and Data Blocks
Explain any four actions with table space with usability
Write a short note on grid computing
Answer the following: Which command is used to starting and stopping database control?
Write a note on space management in detail Discuss anatomy of data block
Answer the following: (ANY 2) What is cursor?
Explain various types of cursor with example
Explain procedure with suitable example
Explain PL/SQL Block structure
Answer the following: (ANY SIX) (30) What is operating system?
Explain OS structure in detail
List out and explain types of Schedulers in detail
Explain Critical Section Problem with characteristics
Explain Interprocess Communication in detail
What is Deadlock?
Explain with characteristics Explain fixed and variable size partitioning with example
Differentiate Logical and Physical Address
Explain any two in detail
Explain Process States in detail List out types of Scheduling algorithms
Explain any one with example
What is PCB?
Explain Cooperating and Pre emptive process in detail
What is Semaphore?
Explain with different types of Semaphore
Attempt the following: 06 What is multiplexing?
OR R.4 Attemp ok 2) Attempt the following: 08 ¥. 3 DNS?
How fi works?
Explain with a suitable example
Discuss cryptographic atiack. & us Rye OR note on cryptography End af Paper