C. wb i the vod they :ad I xnple: Antomo is oe of loe people whevy puviat npular I Iatsa piewntaion" Wht ate te omponenl, ofa preentato?
I would have passed the exam if I had studied harder What are the steps for preparing effective physical presentation?
Detailed presentation: The presenter should pay careful attention to the following as a move of value addition to his/her presentation What are the steps in writing a formal cmail?
State your purpose If you are starting the email communication, it may be impossible to include a line of thanks
Describe the format of a press release and explain its various parts in brief. 4 of 11 G
Explain the characteristics of a good Notice
What is E= A+I in writing a business letter?
Purpose (Why?) Purpose can also be called aim or objective
The presenter should ask himself/herself: Why am l making the presentation?
This is the first question that the presenter should ask and it is: Why am I making the presentation? ie purpose of presentation may be to inform. to instruct, to advise, to counsel, t0 suggest, to motivate, to inspire, to appreciate cie
Audience (Who?) purpose 1s thought of, the presenter should now think about the audience
The presenter should ask himself/herself: Who will be my audience? presentation will help you in deciding the e duaience may be small kids, sch0ol or college going students, senior citizens, DUsiness executives, professionals (doctors, engineers, lawyers, soldiers), women or a mixed audience
Content (What?) Once the purpose and audience are clear, it will be casy for the presenter to select the content for presentation
The presenter should ask himself/herself: What will I present?
Place (Where?) The place (location or venue) of presentation also plays significant role in presentation
The presenter should ask himself/herself: Where will I make the presentation?
Time (When?) The time of presentation is supplementary to place in many respects
The presenter should ask himselfherself: When will I make the presentation?
Mode or Manner (How?) -Attentions grabbers Mode refers to the way the presenter will present his ideas before the audience
The presenter should ask himself/herself: How will I do the presentation?
What is Group Discussion and what are the objectives of group discussion?
Objectives of group discussion: Group Discussion is conducted to assess the following capabilities of the candidate/participant: " communication skills of the personnel " ability to take lead and initiate the discussion knowledge and ideas on the subject/topic ability to work in a team " co-ordination skills aptitude, attitude, logical thinking, analytical skills and reasoning ability What are the pre requisites of Group Discussion?
Write a detailed note on the compulsory parts of a formal letter