Discuss responsibilities of Database Administrator
Explain IDML Commands with example
Briefly discuss about Problems of concurrent cxecution of Transactions What is Constraints?
Explain Primary Key, Foreign Key and CHECK constraint with example
Explain following SQL terms: Explain any five String Functions with example
TABLE (ANY ONE) Explain use of GROUP BY and HAVING clause with appropriate example?
Define: i) Candidate Key ii) Alternate Key I What is database?
Discuss the benefits of using database approach
ANY ONE) I What is Normalization?
Explain Benefits of Normalization
Give Full Forms: i )BCNF ii) ACID (ANY ONE) I Explain all DDL commands with appropriate example
Differentiate DELETE Vs TRUNCATE Lnrollmnent No (ANY ONE) I Explain Numeric Functions with suitable example
ANY 6) What is Java?
How it is different from C Language
What is Method Overloading?
Explain it with suitable example
What is Constructor?
Explain try, catch and finally block in Exception
What is package?
Explain package with suitable example
Explain Relational Operators and Logical Operator in java What is the purpose of break and continue statement?
Explain it with proper example
Explain the following terms: (ANY 1) Explain difference between String and String Buffer class
Write a short note on JVM,JDK,JRE
Explain features of JAVA language
What is the use of super keywoxd? [ What is an Inheritance?
Explain Multilevel and Hierarchical Inheritance with suitable example
What is use of wrapper class?
Explain it with example
ANY 1) What is Interface?
Explain Interface with appropriate example
What is an array?
How to create and initialize an array?
Write a different between throw and thrOws keyword
END o What is Exception?
ANY SIX) What is Internet?
Explain various internet connections in brief
Discuss <FRAMESET> tag with suitable example
List out types of formatting tags
Explain any five formatting tags with suitable example
Explain Order List and Unordered List with example
What is JavaScript?
Discuss for loop with suitable example in JavaScript
Explain URL and Search engines in details
ANY ONE) What is CSS?
List out types of CSS
Explain any one type with proper example
Discuss and write a step for Inserting Table in Dreamweaver with its all properties
Write a full form: [1] IMAP |2] WwW . [5] SMTP [4] POP What is E-Mail?
How does the E-Mail works explain in brief?
Explain all basic tags with suitable example
Discuss <FORM> tag with suitable example
How to add audio/video in HTML?
Describe it's with suitable example. 3] ISP (ANY ONE) List out operators in JavaScript
Explain any two operators with proper example. |6] FTP Define the term table?
Explain <TABLE> tag with suitable example
Explain Line configuration in detail
Give the difference between TCP/IP Vs OSI Model
Explain layered architecture of OSI model
Explain connection oriented and Connection less
Explain Bridge and Hub
Explain ICMP and IGMP protocol
Explain different classes of IP addresses. .(Any One) Explain Advantage of computer network
Explain LAN, MAN and WAN in detail. .(Any One) Explain TCP/IP model in detail
Explain Physical, Datalink and Network layer of OSI model. question.(Any Two) Explain Intranet and Extranet Network Explain Repeater and Switch
Explain wireless network in detail. .(Any Two) Explain FTP and TFTP protocol
Explain ARP and RARP protocol
Explain Client server model