Explain in brief active attacks, What is use of proxy server?
Explain in detail
What is Phishing?
Explain Digital forensics life cycle. rN aAwes YP NS Describe are the challenges exist in India with regard to the law and cybercrime scenario in India
Explain the Cyber Crime Trends in detail. 2
Explain in brief passive attacks. 3
Explain security measurements on portable devices, 3
What are the categories of phishing?
Differentiate between virus and worms in detail, Explain in detail Steganography. 4
Explain the Impact of IT Amendments on Information Technology Organizations. 2
Describe steps in mental preparation for an effective presentation
Whatare the steps in writing a formal email?
Explain the use of various modals with examples, D
Describe various ways in which help can be asked for or can be offered
Explain in detail the optional parts of a formal letter, F
What are the suggestions for writing an effective press release?
What are the pre requisites of Group Discussion?
Describe the steps in writing the Head of a Memo
Write one-word substitute for: A game in which no One wins
Explain in detail the boredom factors of presentation
Write a note the attention grabbers in presentation. « i 06) Answer the following: (Any One) oa ( Shree Kids and Toys writes a letter to Leo Toys Ltd inquiring about the new range of Toys and discounts on them
Write a note on Dos and Don’ts in Group Discussion
What is Group Discussion and what are the objectives of group discussion?
Answer the following : (Any Five) (A) Write a short note on Two-Dimensional] Array. [30] (B) Explain getchar( ), gets( ), putchar( ), ang Puls() functions (C)_ What is Recursion?
Explain it with prope; example, (@) Discuss Array of Structure with example, (E) Explain the concept of call by value ang call by refere (F) Discuss fopen() and fcloseQ functions With example, i itution?
List oUt Ma
What is Macro Substitution tO Substituti . detail. “ution and explain any one in Nee with example
Answer the following : (AY Two) (A) Write a short note on Structure: [12] . tages (B)_ What is Pointer?
Discuss advantages of Poi 5 inter, . functions Wit (C) Discuss getw() and putw(), th example One 4
Explain Arithmetic and Logical Operators of Java script with suitable example
Write a Short note on JavaScript Form Validation
Explain in detail DoS and DDoS Attacks
Write short note on “Testing for Client side URL Redirect” Explain How to Modify HTML with Javascript SECTION-II Answer the following (Attempt any Two) (12) Explain given terms: i ) HTTP ii) WWW iii) URL What is Java Script?
Explain Advantages of Java Script
Explain different types of Dialog boxes used in java script. ‘Answer the following (Attempt any Two) (12) Which are the Key Events used in JavaScript?
Explain with example
Write a short note on Phishing Attacks, Explain JavaScript Button Events with example Answer the following (Attempt any One) (06) What is Pen Testing?
List out tools used for Pen testing
Briefly explain: What is Click jacking?
What is RPM?
How to manage software using RPM?
Explain Linux components
What is shell?
Explain types of sheil D
Write down command and use of chmod ipasswd,pwd,ping,tracert ¥
Explain Linux Hierarches structure
Explain If statement with proper example
Write note on Firewall
What is Malware?
Explain different types of malware in brief
Explain Vi editor command and its modes
Explain grep command with example
What is Loop?
Explain any while loop with example
What is computer Network?
Explain components of network. wi
Explain any 3 networking command Q-4 Answer the following: (Any One) (06) A
What is Packet analyzer?
Explain any one tool
SECTION-I Answer the following : (Any Five) [30] Write a short note on Two-Dimensional Array. explain getchar( ), gets(), Putchar(), and puts() functions. ‘What is Recursion?
Explain it with proper example
Discuss Array of Structure with example
Explain the concept of call by value and call by reference with example
Discuss fopen() and felose() functions with example
What is Macro Substitution?
List out Macro Substitution and explain any one in detail
List out various category of UDF
Discuss any one category with example
Write a C program to arrange accepted numbers in ascending order using single dimension array
What is Pointer?
Discuss advantages of Pointer
Discuss getwO and putw() functions with example
Explain Syntax error, Run time error, Logical error and Latent error
List out types of number systems
Explain octal number system in brief
What is parity bit?
Explain checksum method in brief
Write a short note on Microcontroller
Discuss the 8085 microprocessor Block diagram in brief
State the difference between Microcontroller & Microprocessor
Discuss difference between RISC V/S CISC
Describe the 8085 Microprocessor pin diagram with figure