Any Five) (30) 1) What is array?
How can you initialize two dimension arrays at compile and runtime?
Il) What is UDF?
List out various categories of UDF
Explain any one of them with suitable example
What is Pointer?
Discuss advantages of pointer
Any Two) (12) 1) What is String?
Explain different string manipulation functions with suitable example
Write a C program to arrange accepted numbers in descending order using single dimension array
I11) What is recursion?
Discuss it with suitable example. 3
Any Two) (12) 1) What is Structure?
Discuss array of structure with example
Any One) 1) What is macro substitution?
Discuss Simple macro substitution with example
Write a short note on Key Events used in JavaScript?
What are DoS and DDoS Attacks?
Explain in brief Explain given Terms: i) Virus ii) Trojans iii) Spyware Write short note on “Testing for Client side URL Redirect” How to Modify HTML using Javascript?
SECTION-II Answer the following (Attempt any Two) Give difference between Web Browser Vs Web Server?
What is Java Script?
Explain Advantages of Java Script
Write a short note on java script Dialog boxes
Answer the following (Attempt any Two) Discuss How to perform Form Validation with java script?
Explain any two form validation
What is Phishing Attacks?
Explain in detail
Explain JavaScript Button Events with example Answer the following (Attempt any One) What is Pen Testing?
List out tools used for Pen testing
Write a short note on Click jacking
Discuss find command in brief Discuss grep command with example Create shell script for string Compa De Discuss any five network configuration command 6 Write a short note on LVM 7 Explain firewall in brief SECTION-I Answer the following(Any Two) 1 Discuss Linux file system in brief. wn Windows OS v/s Linux OS De Discuss various methods for Recalling Commands with example Answer the following: (Any Two) 1 Discuss command line arguments with suitable example i) Write a short note on remote desktop connection Explain various types of computer network Q-4
Write a short note on Processor Level Parallelism
Convert the following terms: (1) (436.92)10 = (2)2 (2) (625)s = (?)10 Write a short note on Excess-3 Code and Gre Answer the following: (Any Two) What is Parallelism?
Explain Pipelining Parallelism in brief
Describe the Architecture of 8085 Microprocessor
Explain the Following terms in brief
What is Social Engineering?
Explain in detail What is Identity Theft?
How To Prevent Identity Theft
Explain Life Cycle of Digital Forensic Define Steganography with proper example
Explain the Impact of IT Amendments on Information Technology Organizations
Describe the specific challenges that exist in India with regard to the law and cybercrime scenario in India
ANY THREE) (12) What is Cybercrime?
Explain Basics of cybercrime
What is cyber stalking?
How to prevent it?
Explain the Cyber Crime Trend in detail
Define Information Security. : ANSWER THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS
ANY TWO) (12) What is Phishing?
Explain its types
What is Digital Forensic?
Explain types of Digital Forensic
Explain Computer Forensic Challenges
Describe the strength and limitation of India IT Act 2000
What do you understand by the salient feature of Indian IT Act?
Discuss the forms of Oral Communication
Discuss the boredom factures in presentation
Write a resignation letter to the director of the company
Give its proper heading