II What is the meaning of planning?
List out the different components of planning
Explain any one in detail
VIII What is AI?
Discuss the history of AI. 2
Answer the following: (Any Two) (8) I What is an agent?
List different types of agents
Explain Simple reflex agent with proper example
Il What is the meaning of AI?
Discuss the different properties of task environment
Answer the following: (Any Two) (8) I What is uninformed search?
Discuss Breadth first search in detail
Ill What is Knowledge based agent?
Discuss the different approaches to knowledge representation
Discuss different application of Expert system
II What is NLP?
Discuss different steps of natural language processing
List out the features of Bootstrap
Explain Toast Components in Bootstrap with example
Explain Bootstrap Dropdowns with example
Write a short note on Box Model
Write a short note on Bootstrap
Explain Jumbotron Components in Bootstrap with example
Write a short not on JQuery
Explain CSS z-index Property in details
Write a short note on Bootstrap Grids
Write a short note on Basic Pagination in Bootstrap
Explain Spinner Icons Bootstrap with example
Explain Advantages and disadvantages of PHP. "2
What are the differences between Client Side and Server Side Scripting language?. 3
Explain PHP Sessions. 4
Explain Function Overloading and-Overriding in PHP... .- - ‘5
Explain the features of MySQL Database. 6
Explain Private, Protected and Public in PHP in brief. 7
Explain Interface in brief. : : . 8
Explain in brief Static class and Final class in brief
Explain the different type of Array with suitable example using PHP Script. 2
Explain PHP Operators in brief
Explain the different features of OOP. 2 .Explain the concept of Client Side Validation and Server Side Validation. 3
Explain Abstract in PHP
Explain MySQL Functions. 2
What is MySQL Database? 3.Explain in brief: Insert Multiple Records 2 oF 2
What is collection?
Write a short note on collection framework
Write a short note on Buffered Writer class
What is event?
Explain Event Delegation Model in details
Explain text field and button with its properties and methods?
What is synchronization?
How many ways in which threads can be implemented
Explain any one way with proper example. ‘What is JDBC?
What are the steps to connect to the database in java?
Write down the differences between Statement and PreparedStatement interface?
Explain the types of methods of ArrayList class in detail. wp 3
What is file?
Explain FileInputStream class in detail
Explain Character Stream class in detail. 4
Answer the following: (ANY TWO) (10) Write down the difference between swing and awt?
What is the use of Layout Manager class
Explain any one with example
Write a short note on JFrame
Explain types of JDBC driver in brief
What is use of Calendar control?
Explain any five property (with possible values) of it with example
Explain Paging-Setting property of Gridview with example
What is LINQ?
Explain various sources that we can connect using LINQ
What is use of UpdtaePanel Control?
Explain following property of UpdatePanel control with default and possible values. 1 IsInPartialRendering 2.Triggers. 3
Explain ABCs of WCF service
Explain Range validator control with some property and possible values of it
Answer the following: (Any Two) What is use of file upload control?
Explain any five property of it using example
What is use of MultiView control?
Explain some of the property of it and also explain following commands. a
What is Entity framework?
Explain different kind of approach of it
Explain JSON
Explain WSDL in detail