SECTION-I - Answer the following (8) » (A) Define : Data Abstraction , Polymorphism (B) How super keyword and this keyword works? 2
Answer the following (Any Two ) ay (A) | What is class and object?
Give example of constructor overloading with suitable example
What is Bytecode?
Explain use of static and instance methods with example and state how both differ with each other. 3
Answer the following (Any Two ) (11) (A) What is Abstract class?
Give example of abstract class with exception handling
What is Package?
Give example of package and class with various access modifiers
Define : Tree ,Graph 5
Explain Bubble sort algorithm with example
How binary search and sequential search differ with each other?
Explain sequential search algorithm with example. 5 Answer the following (Any Two) ay (A) Explain stack operations algorithms with example
What is Circular Queue?
Explain algorithm of Circular Queue
Write an algorithm to perform insertion operation of single linked list
List out any six features of Python. 2
What is an Array?
Describe its types. 3
How Date & Time will display in Python?
Explain. 4
Write a difference between Break and Continue
Write a short note on Data types of Python. 2
What is Recursive function?
Explain Function and its types in Python. se Answer the following (ANY Two) (11) 1
How lambda function works?
Write a small program to multiply two numbers using lambda function. 2
What is Flow Control?
Explain any three statements. 3
What is-String?
Describe Six methods with suitable example
How to handle exception?
Describe with example. 2
How to convert (1) CSV (2) Dictionary (3) List into Data frame with suitable example. 3
What is Inheritance?
What is Matplotlib?
Draw a Line graph with line width as 20.5 and values are [3, 8, 1, 10]. 2
What is Chart?
Write a different operation on Frame with suitable example
What is Functional dependencies?
Explain it in detail. 2
Discuss 1NF and 2NF With Example. 2. [A] Answer the following (ANY TWO) (10) 1
Explain Query Processing with diagram. 2
Write a note on DBMS and SQL performance tuning in detail. 3
Write a short note on Database Query Optimization Modes. [B] What is Normalization?
What is Deadlock?
Discuss Deadlock Prevention in detail. 2
Discuss Concurrency control with Locking Methods. 3
Explain Timestamp-Based Protocols in Concurrency. [B] What is Concurrency control?
Give the difference between procedure and function in PL/SQL. 2
Explain pre-defined exception handling with example. 5. [A] Answer the following (ANY TWO) (10) 1
What is PL/SQL?
Write down the block structure of PL/SQL. 2
Explain IF ...ELSE.... with example. 3
What is cursor?
Discuss the types of cursor. [B] What is full form of DDL?
What is Trigger?
Explain it with proper example 2
Discuss the use of procedure with suitable example. 3
Explain how to Create, Invoke and Alter Package in PL/SQL? [B] What is Package?
Find the probability that a child picked at random, has a sibling. 2
Answer the following (Any Two ) dil) (A) | Prove that (A M B)’ =A’U B’.(De Morgan’s theorem) (B) If ™' P3: "P4=1: 6, then what is the value of n?
How many people speak both?
How many speak only English?
How many speak only Hindi? 3
Answer the following (Any Two ) (11) (A) _ Find the stationary points, maximum value and minimum value of the curve given by f(x) = 2x? - 9x7 + 12x —3 in the two dimensional Cartesian plane and in the closed interval 0 <x <3
Prove that if A and B are sets, then P(A = B) =P(A) x P(B) where P stands for the power set
What is the probability that only one of them is selected?
Find the age of eacher
What are their ages? », toss by selling & swatch for Rs. id to earn 5% profit?
At the end of the yea? the profit « Rs. 6600, What are the shares of A, Band C? office at the rate of 25 ar from his village 10 the post- 4 the rate of 4 janph
Explain purpose, syntax and usage of the Linux commands: cut and paste. < Answer the following
Write a C program to copy a text file to another file
Explain the Linux commands: we and sort 5 Answer the following
What is purpose of the Linux commands pipe and tee?
What is role of signal in Linux?
Explain any two signals
Explain usage of: msgget and msgsnd
ANY TWO) (11) (1) What is zombie process?
Explain purpose, syntax and usage of wait and waitpid in Linux
Explain purpose, syntax and usage of fork and vfork
How do the Linux system calls execl and execv differ? s Answer the following
Explain purpose and usage of semget, semop and semcti in Linux
Explain purpose and usage Of socket, sendmsg and recvmsg in Linux