Explain the TAG, ATTRIBUTE and VALUE with proper example
Write a short note on PHP
Write a short note on URL with its common schemes. 2 Q-2
Any One) What is variable?
Explain the rules of variable declaration with example
Explain the <marquee> with its attribute and values. 1 Explain the while... lop in java script
Any One) What are conditional statements in JS?
Explain any one
Explain the for...loop detail in PHP with proper example. 2 Explain the Basic Structure of PHP with one simple example Q-5
Explain ADRMS in brief. 5
Describe the working of DNS in Windows Server 2019. 1 2
What is Network Load Balancer?
Explain in brief!. 2
Write a short note on Group policy object. 6
What is IPv4?
Explain the classes of IPy4. 7
Write a short note on PowerShell
State the DORA process in brief
List out the roles of Windows Server 2019
State the difference between Windows Server 2019 Essential and Standard Edition
What is zone in DNS?
Explain the types of zones in DNS
Describe the features of DHCP
Any One) Write a short note on DFS? 2
Explain WDS in brief. 1
Write down the steps to create and set up a virtual machine in Hyper-V. 2
Explain the prerequisites for installing Hyper-V
What is loT?
Explain the characteristics ofloT in brief. 6
Explain Functional Blocks of loT in brief. 2. 4
Write down the full forms of the following terms: HTTP, CoAP, MQTT, DDS
Describe loT based smart logistic system in brief
What is the class in Python?
Explain in brief
Explain the date and time operations in Python
Write a short note on building blocks of an loT device
Explain the loT applications in smart health and life style
Explain the components of loT
Write a short note on Python Data Structure
Write a short note on Network Layer of IoT
Describe the loT applications for Smart Home. 2
Explain the difference between IoT and M2M
Write a short note on Raspberry Pi
State IoT design methodology in brief
Any Five) What is EIGRP?
Describe hybrid characteristics of it
Define these terminologies: Hello Packets, Update Packets, Query Packets Give the true or false of following statements: Explain the core features of lPv6 and naming convention of IPv6
Explain OSPF routing protocol in details. pye (15) (04) Q3
Any One) Why use Route Redistribution?
Explain disadvantages to route redistribution
List out the various commands to verify route redistribution Define these keywords: VLAN, VTP Describe Spanning Tree Protocol in brief. pege (04) (04) (03) 5. 2. 3. 4. 1
Explain MIMO and importance of MIMO for users (Any Five) C) Draw building block of 5G roadmap and explain any 2 in detail
Explain TDMA with its advantages and disadvantages
Explain 5G data drivers
Describe the security features of 5G
Write note on OFDM Explain QoS model in brief
Explain 802.11 Architecture and its components with proper figure
Explain Wireless channel path types and its characteristics
Write note on network slicing
Any One) What is GFDM?
Describe in brief
Explain the process of download link of NOMA in a single cell