What does Hacker mean'J Explain the types of Hacker. 2
Describe Malware Detection Techniques in brief. 3
Explain the types ofSocial Engineering Attack. 4
Describe port scanning in Network Infrastructure Attack. 5
Write a short-note on ARP Spoofing Attack. 6
What is Malware?
Explain in brief. 7
Describe the advantage and dis-advantage ofhacking. 8
Explain the process to perform social engineering attack
What is Hacking?
Explain the types of Hacking 2
Describe the process ofEthical Hacking. 3
How to determine which systems to hack?
What is Social Engineering Attack'l Explain with example. 2
Write a short-note on Dumpster Driving Method. 3
Explain the rulnerabilities of Password
Explain WPS in detail. 3
Define the terms: NeIBIOS, War Dialing
Describe the keywords: Tarpitting, E- Mai[ Firewall, Perimeter Protection 2
Explain Web Application Vulnerabilities in briet'. 3
Describe Message System Vulnerabilities in brief
What is BGP?
Why to use BGP? 2
Describe OSPF network types in brief-. 3
What is VLAN?
Explain VLAN in brief. 4
What is HSRP?
Explain in detail. 5
Explain the types ofpacket in EIGRP. 6
Write a short-note on Routing Metrics. 7
Explain the types ofIPv6
Describe the terms: DR
Explain EIGRP load balancing
Write a short-note on IPv6. 2
Describe RIPng protocol in brief
What is Route Redistribution?
Explain in brief
Q-l Questions' (Any Five) 1 Discuss lf...Else leader in Java Script with proper example. 2 What is URL?
Explain the schema of the URL ln detail? 3 Explain the basic structure ofjava script program. 4 What is HTML?
Explain the Advantage and Dis-advantage of HTML. 5 Discuss the DML with its all Gommand with proper syntax. 6 Discuss th,ree basic command oflinux which useful to novice user to operate Linux Editor. / Explain the switch case injava script with proper example
Explain For... loop injava Script with its syntax and example
What is LINTX?
Explain the history and requirements of Linux with Hardware ' Explain the example to enter dala r.sing echo command and also explain move and sort command with examPle