State different File Object Methods and explain any two with example
Discuss the Python Regular Expression Special Sequences with example
List the different operation performed on Data Frame
Explain isnull(), fillna() and replacc() with suitable example
Discuss XML Processing using python module
How to access MySQL database using phpmyadmin?
Explain in brief
What is Data Frame?
Explain the data frame creation from following with suitable examples
What is MySQL?
What are the different features of MySQL?
Write a python code to perform following cperations using appropriate python module. a) Create Database b) Insert Record c) Select Record What is quantifier?
Explain the various quantifiers in regular expressions
Discuss Data cleaning in brief
Explain moving average and exponential moving average with example in excel
Describe any three IO nodes in KNIME Explain correlation example with EXCEL data analysis tool pack
Explain regression model with example in KNIME
Explain preprocessing example in WEKA
Write a short note on association rule
Explain use of what if analysis in EXCEL with example. |BÊ Give full fom of ANOVA
Describe various Data formats
Write a short note on PIE and BAR chart in EXCEL
ANY ONE) How many states a node have in KNIME?
Describe any classification example with KNIME in detail (ANY TWO) Explain WEKA environment in detail
Explain any clustering example in WEKA
Explain any five filters in WEKA
What is conlusion natriN?
T Explain naive bayes alyorithm in briet. e Explain polynoial regression in detail with proper example. 8 What is KNN?
Explain KNN in detail with proper example
ANY ONE) a What is machine learning?
Explain supervised machine learning in detail. b Explain the terns: Overlitting, Underlitting, Bias, Variance Lnollcnt No (ANY TWO) b Explain ROC curve and AUC in detail
What is lincar regression?
Explain lincar regression in detail. c Explain any tw0-cvaluation parameter of regression in brief!
ANY ONE) [ What is regularization?
Explain LASSO technique in detail
What is regression?
Explain multi linear regression in detail
ANY TWo) b Explain support vector machine algorithm in detail. a What is validation technique?
Explain any two-validation technique in brief. c Explain decision tree algorithm in detail
Figures to the right indicate full maks a How does Al work?
Explain probability axioms in Al. f Explain Reasoning with Uncertain Knowledge in AI
Write note on Fuzzy logic. h Write a note on learning
Explain in detail Depth-limited search (DLS). b| Explain A* search
Explain joint probability distributions in Al. . [ (ANY TWO) b| Explain First order predicate calculus (FOPL) with example. a Explain the case studies of MYCIN. c Discuss the knowledge acquisition in detail. b Explain the expert system shells and Vidwan framework