What is MIS?
State any three annlication areas of MI
Write a note on Transaction Processing System
Discuss the role of Executive Support System. at iS Tormal planning?
Mention the benefits of formal planning
Discuss descriptive decision model for decision making
What is E-Commerce?
Mention advantages of E-commerce: Discuss key fumctionalities of railway ticket reservation system
State the major challenges for MIS implementation
Explain the process of Decoupling
Discuss Seven-S Model in brief. [ (ANY TWO OUT OF THREE) Explain the working of typical decision support system
Explain the working of management information system
ANY TWO OUT OF THREE) What is planning?
Explain infornmal planning in detail
Discuss functional levels of decision making in MIS
Discuss the need of IT supports for MIS
Explain M-Commeree with example
Explain case study of payroll for employee nanagement
Write down Features of Net Framework examples
Explain Date'TimcControl and MonthlyCaalendar conttol in detail witli IV
Explain switch and if conditional statement using example
Explain two major component of ADO.net
VI, What is class?
Explain auto implement property and filed of the class
Explain function overloading and overriding with example I
Differentiate: Boxing v/s Unboxing What is Namespace?
Explain it in details
What is inheritance?
Explain types of inheritancc. [ II
Whatl is exception?
How to handle cxception?
Explain using example
ANY SIX) Describe the current major challenges of Environment?
Explain Ecology in Detail
Why Environment Studies in important?
Describe the steps require to reduce the Air-Pollution?
Write short note on Green Ilouse Elfect in brief Explain Cyclone and Flood in detail
What is required awareness and planning to fight What is Depletion of Ozone Layer?
Explain the reason for it
ANY ONE) Describe the elemnents of Environment?
What is Environment?
Explain Scope of Environment
Describe how Producers, Consumers and Decomposers are related
Explain the common sources of noise pollution?
Explain control step for noise pollution?
Describe Acid Rain in brief
Compare hazard Vs disaster
Any Six) EXplain the step by step process of WordPress installation in your local machine ?
What are the major differences between WordPress.com and WordPress.org ?
Discuss the WordPress widgets for developing website
What is WooCommerce?
What are the features of WooCommerce?
Explain in brief: Primary Menu, Social Link Menu What is MySql ?
Explain the features of MySQL
Explain in brief: Client Server Architecture (Any Two) Explain the role of CMS -Content Management System for developing website
Discuss the various features of the WordPress franework
How to use HTML table tag in WordPress ?
Write a short note on: WordPress Theme What is CSS ?
Explain internal and external CSS with suitable example
Any One) What is Array ?
Explain the different type of Array in PHP
What are the differences between GET and POST method ?