Define MIS
Mention the usefulness of MIS
Explain Closed System and Open System with example for each
Mention the roles and responsibilities of bottom level management
Mention working functionalities of payroll management system. 2
Answer the following: (ANY TWO OUT OF THREE) (10) Which major problems are encountered with MIS? > B
What is communication with regards to MIS?
Discuss methods of communication in brief
Explain the concept of system boundaries in detail. 3
Explain Seven-S Model in brief
Write a short note on decision support system. bg C
Discuss working of management information system. 4
Explain the process of planning for problems
Discuss programmed and non-programmed decisions in brief
How IT supports management information system?
What is M-commerce?
How it is different from E-commerce?
State any two applications of M-commerce
Discuss the case in detail for bus ticket booking system
What is JIT?
Explain types of JIT
Explain Value and Reference data types in details
What is an Array?
Explain in detail
Explain Textbox control with property and example
Explain checkbox in detail
Write down difference between radio and checkbox
Explain ADO.NET architecture in detail
Explain Data Provider in detail
Explain Manage code and Un-Manage code in detail
Explain if and else if statement in detail with example
IL What is inheritance?
Answer the following: (Any Five) Write steps to install WordPress in local machine Discuss the different WordPress Theme customization options What is HTML?
Explain the features of HTML
Explain the features of WordPress-SEO-Plugin-by-Yoast
What is WordPress?
Explain the different features of WordPress
Explain the importance of Google Analytics Plugin. 27h SO w Pp Explain the different types of List in HTML with corresponding tag and syntax H
What is PHP?
Explain the features of PHP 2
Explain in brief about Post in WordPress
Explain WordPress Admin Dashboard C
Explain WordPress as a Content Management System & 3
Explain the different features of BuddyPress Explain Primary Menu and Social Menu in brief & C
Explain in brief
Explain the advantages of CSS inside HTML = Explain the structure of HTML document C
Explain the features of MySQL
What is Google Android SDK?
Which are the tools placed in Android SDK?
Explain a code of sending SMS in android
Explain the Context menu with Syntax
Explain types of animation in detail
Explain the SQLiteOpenHelper class in detail
Explain various methods of SQLiteOpenHelper class in detail
Discuss Advantages and Disadvantages of Android
Discuss about android Manifest file
What is Resource?
Explain types of resources in detail
Answer the following: (Any Two) What is a Theme?
Explain with a suitable example
Explain ArrayAdapter with an example
Differentiate between style and theme
Discuss different types of storage available in android
Explain elements of environment
Give the classification along with examples
What is ecosystem?
What are the components of Ecosystem?
Write a short note on: Noise Pollution What is global warming?
Explain the different causes of global warming Explain in brief: Tsunami What are the impact of Technology on the Environment?
Explain in brief: Man-made Disasters Answer the following: (Any One) (04) Explain in brief: Scope of Environment — Atmosphere, Lithosphere Explain in brief: Scope of Environment — Hydrosphere, Biosphere Answer the following: (Any One) (04) Explain in brief: Producer, Consumer and Decomposer What are the types of ecosystem?
Answer the following: (Any One) (08) Explain the common sources ‘of air pollution?
How can we control air pollution?
Explain the common sources of water pollution?
How can we control water pollution?
What is Disaster?
What are the different types of Hazards?