Explain if...else statement with example
What is variable?
Explain declaration and initialization of a variable
Explain all arithmetic operator
Write the short note on “Define Symbolic Constants” Explain break and continue statement with example
What are the importance of C language?
Explain it Explain the use of toupper() and tolower() with example
Explain Basic Structure of ‘C’ language
What is type casting?
Explain it with example
Explain any three character set functions
Explain relational operators
Write a ‘C’ program to find the factorial of the given number
Explain switch case statement with example
Give the differences between while and do..while loop
What is an array?
Explain Declaration and Initialization of one dimensional array with example
What is recursion?
Explain it with suitable example
What is the difference between array and structure?
Write the syntax of structure and explain it with example
Explain modules of an ERP package giving examples. | C. — Explain control flow statements in python giving examples
What do you mean by user defined functions in python
Explain giving examples
State and explain the steps to build an Odoo module
Explain ERP for an educational institution giving example. ig C
How could one deal Human Resources problem using ERP? 3
Explain the terms inheritance, polymorphism with respect to python giving examples. 4
What do you mean by model inheritance in Odoo
Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) What is file?
Discuss the file modes supported in Python
What is Regular Expression?
Discuss the special characters and quantifier. is} Discuss following two methods: 1. pieQ 2. barQ) Write a short note on Tuple with example
Explain the applications of Al
What is Machine Learning?
Why it is important?
Write a short note on Workflow in detail
What is the use of Binary file?
Write a python code to open and read binary file
Write a short note on Data Frame
Explain the process of Data Cleansing. 4
What is Supervised Machine Learning?
Explain in detail
Discuss the types of user in brief
Write a short note on Decision Tree
Write a short note on Input design
Explain file organization methods in brief
Explain Post implementation Review in brief
Explain conversion in details