Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) What are the steps for preparing effective physical presentation?
What is Group Discussion and what are the characteristics of effective group discussion?
Explain its various types of conditionals with example
Explain various types of Concords with examples
What are the steps in writing a formal email?
Describe the format of a press release and explain its various parts in brief
Explain the characteristics of a good Notice
Describe the steps in writing the body of a Memo
What is a presentation?
What are the components of a presentation?
What are the pre requisites of Group Discussion?
Write a detailed note on the compulsory parts of a formal letter. 2 oF 2
Answer the following: (Any Six) (30) What is Java?
Explain features of JAVA. f) = Discuss any two operators with example in JAVA
Explain class and method with proper example
What is Inheritance?
Explain with suitable example
Define types of loop
Explain FOR loop with example
Discuss wrapper classes in details
Explain different types of exceptions in java
Write a short note on use of finally block. np SESS<288 Q- Answer the following: (Any One) (05) Explain java tokens in detail, Discuss basic concepts of OOPs. [B] Give the full Form: [1] JVM [2] JDK (02) Q-3
Discuss switch statement with example
Explain IF ELSE statement with example in JAVA
What is a constructor?
Explain with example
Explain method overloading and method overriding in java. [B] Define term garbage collection
What is Interface?
Explain with appropriate example in JAVA
Explain string buffer class in details
What is an array?
List out types of Array
Explain One-Dimensional array with suitable example, Q-6
Discuss java package in brief, Il
Explain use of try...catch for exception handling
Answer the following: (ANY SIX) What is CANVAS?
Explain all CANVAS elements with suitable example
Discuss Geolocation in brief
Explain Media Queries in detail with proper example
Discuss Hide and Show effect on content with example
Define the term HTMLS and list out its new features of HTMLS
Write down the advantages of SVG
Define 2D transform
Explain any one method of 2D transform
List out event methods and explain any one in detail
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) List out the removed elements in htm15?
Explain it in detail
What is Audio Element?
Explain Audio Element with Example
Discuss Drag and Drop elements with example
Answer the following: (ANY TWO) What is hoverable table?
Discuss jt in detail List out property of multi column layout
Explain any two with examples
Explain any two method of 3p transform
Explain any one method with example
How can you load jquery into the webpage?
Explain in brief
Explain any five Codd’s Rules for RDBMS
Explain ACID properties of transactions What is normalization?
Explain 1" and 2" normal form in brief
Explain SQL components DDL, DML in detail
Explain DROP and TRUNCATE query with proper example
Explain different type of JOIN in detail
What is Index?
Explain it with example
List out all types of User of DBMS. @ Auswer the following:(ANY ONE) Describe BCNF normal form with proper example
Explain all recovery methods in detail
What is constraint?
Explain PRIM
Explain GRANT and REVOKE statement in detail
Discuss any four built in functions in SQL with syntax
Describe SET operator in detail
Answer the following: (ANY 6) (30) What is computer network?
Explain its advantages
Write a short note on NIC card. © S AAA aw NPE Explain Categories of computer network
Explain OSI model in detail
Explain Mesh and Star Topology, Explain SNMP and SMTP protocol, Explain TCP and UDP protocol in details
Explain Line configuration in detail
Explain about X.25 Protocol
Explain Repeater and Gateway
Explain ARP Protocol
Explain ICMP and IGMP protocol
Write a short note on DNS