List out and explain features of C Language
Write Steps to execute a C Program
List out and explain Data Types in C
Explain Type Conversion with example
Explain Nesting of IF ELSE with example
List out types of Array
Explain any two with example
Explain Scope, Visibility and Lifetime of a variable in user defined function Explain Comparison of Structures with example. eSrNAYNPwhd Q-2
Explain the following: Source Program, Object Program, Linker, Loader 2
Explain C Tokens in detail. 3
Explain Basic Structure of C Programming Language
Explain Assignment and Increment Decrement Operator with example. 2
Explain formatted Input in detail. 3
Explain Operator Precedence with example
Differentiate Entry and Exit Controlled Loop with Example. 2
Explain goto statement with example. 3
Explain Switch Statement with example
Explain Overflow and Underflow in array in detail. 2
Explain Recursion with example. 3
Explain Nesting of Function in detail
What is Structure?
Explain how to assign values to it. 2
Explain Array within Structure with example. 3
Explain Array of Structure with example
How to add audio/video in HTML?
Describe it’s with proper example
Discuss spanning Rows and Columns
Broo Discuss <FRAMESET> tag with suitable example. 2 What is JavaScript?
List out operators in JavaScript
Explain any two operators with proper example. 2
Explain LAN, WAN and MAN in details
Explain Ecommerce, E-learning and E-banking services in brief. 3
Explain control statements in J avaScript
Explain for loop and while loop with suitable example. 4, Answer the following: (ANY TWO) (08) A. _ List out basic tags
Explain any three formatting tags with proper example
Explain all attributes of < MARQUEE > tag. 5
Explain any three input tags with example
Answer the following: (Any Five) Write a short note on: Mail Merge What is Macro ?
Explain macro with suitable example
What are the different type of Charts ?
Explain any one with suitable example
Discuss the various print options for Printing the Document
What is Primary Key ?
Explain the usage of Query using suitable example
What are the features of OPEN OFFICE -BASE ?
How to creating a new attractive Presentation?
Explain it with suitable example
Answer the following: (Any Two) How to create table ?
What is use of watermark ?
Explain the different parameters of Watermark
Explain in brief : Drop Cap, Drawing Tools Answer the following: (Any Two) Explain the Relative and Absolute References using suitable example
What is Spreadsheets ?
What are the features of Spreadsheets ?
Explain the different OpenOffice Calc Formulas using suitable example
Explain in brief : Creating New Database and Table Explain the Toolbars of Open Office-Math in detail
How to apply Slide Transition ?
Explain USB, Serial, Parallel and PS2 port in depth
How to securing our system from virus and unauthorized user?
Explain characteristics of computer in details
Define the term Software
Explain it in depth
Draw the block diagram of computer and explain it
Write a short note on Assembly Language. 3
Discuss Touch Screen in brief
Explain CRT with figure in brief. 4
Howto install any drivers in computer?
Describe any five conjunctions with examples
How should a good listener be?
Explain Skimming and scanning
Write at least five points of differences between Listening and Hearing
Would you my pet for me this weekend?
Discuss various types of non-verbal communication
B. — What are the reasons for poor listening skills?
What are the several purposes of reading comprehension?