Explain the NTFS file system features
Explain in depth partitioning of disk
Explain disk quota and disk defragmenter
What is a shared folder?
Explain the methods of Sharing folders
What is malicious software?
State the difference between remote desktop and remote assistance
List and describe the types of OS
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) What are the functions of disk management?
List and explain the editions of windows 7
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) Explain the network and sharing center What is IP address and IP address classes?
Which tools are used to configure mobile computer and device settings?
State different types of array and Explain any one type of array with declaration and initialization code
Define book class and Write down following LINQ queries to fetch information from generic list of book class
iii) To Print all books in group of AuthorName. 9 When run time error occurred in program?
How to handle run time error?
How to declare and use enumerators?
Explain importance of enumerators in -net framework
Explain the control that used to represent hierarchical list of items in windows in details, F
Explain different list controls in brief
Write down steps to add database, table and LINQ to SQL Classes
Explain different ways to bind control with LINQ to SQL Classes. 2
Explain join clauses of LINQ query in details B
How to create anonymous type in LINQ query?
Explain with suitable example C
Explain Lambda Expression in brief. ai Answer the following (ANY ONE) (6) A
Explain any two non-generic collections with its major methods and properties
Explain MDI form in details
Explain GroupBox and Panel controls
Answer the following (ANY TWO) (8) How to use LINQ To SQL For Retrieving Data From SQL Server Database?
Write down C# code to perform insert and update operation on Book table
Explain the compilation process of android application
I Whatis R.java?
Explain any two android resources in detail
IV What is Activity?
Explain the lifecycle of Activity in brief
V_— Whatis Intent?
Discuss in brief
VI Whats the use of Dialog?
Explain the Alert Dialog with example. e@ VII_ What is the use of Telephony Manager?
Explain in detail
What is Android?
Explain the versions of android
Explain android architecture in detail
I What is menu?
Explain any one in detail. 5
Write a short note on following.(Any Onc) (04) I Data Storage in File with Example
Answer the following: (ANY SIX OUT OF EIGHT) (30) Give a difference between swing and awt?
What is event?
Explain Event Delegation Model in details
What is cookie?
How to create, delete and get cookie with example
Give a difference between ServletConfig and ServletContext
Write a step with example to sending mail using java mail API. @) i Explain RMI Exception in details
Write a short note on XML Schemas. moO 2
Answer the following: (ANY TWO) (08 ) A. — What is dialog box?
List out types dialog box and explain any one type of dialog box in details?
Write a short note on JFrame
Discuss JButton and JTextfield components. 3
Describe various implicit objects in JSP
Give suitable example
What is XML?
List out rules for valid and well-formed XML Documents Write a short note on DTD