State the difference between Linux and Windows
Describe Linux File System Structure in brief
What Is Linux?
Describe the features of Linux
What is physical volume in LVM?
Explain in brief
Discuss the features of Open SSH. a oe Write a short-note on history of Linux
Write a short-note on Linux Bash
Discuss the Types of Linux File System in brief. 2
Write a short-note on Linux File System
Define the keywords: pwd, Is, cd. 2
Explain the difference between rmdir and mkdir
Write a short-note on Logical Volume Management (LVM). 2
How to Create Volume Groups and Logical Volumes
Discuss Open SSH in brief. 2
How Does SSH Work?
Explain the different types of DDoS attack. 2
Discuss the principal of information security. 3
Define these terms: foot printing, Wi-Fi Eavesdropping, Traceroute 4
Describe application-level threats in brief. 5
Define the keywords: Phishing, Spear Phishing, Ransomware 6
Explain the taxonomy of cybercrime in brief. 7
How to use advanced search in google?
Discuss Information Security Vectors in brief
Define the keywords: TLD, ccTLD, Stld 2
What is nslookup?
Describe these keywords: Packet Filtering, Gateway, Proxy, VPN 2
Define the terms: Port, Port Mapping, Port Forwarding Qs
Discuss the RIP in brief
Write a short note on Security Life Cycle
Discuss the Layer Approach-OSI in brief Describe FTP in brief
Explain EIGRP with an example
Explain the Cisco network architecture in detail
Write a short note on HTTP and HTTPs
What is DHCP?
Describe in brief
Explain anyone in detail
Describe Cisco technologies’ security vulnerabilities in detail
Explain high level voice and video architecture in detail
Answer the following: (ANY FIVE ) (15) What is Python Keywords?
Explain any 3 Keywords in detail
What is Python comments?
How you can do comments in python code?
Explain in detail with example
Explain arithmetic operators with proper example in python
Explain If-else statement and Write code to print the largest of the three numbers
What is Tuple?
Write Advantages and difference between Tuples and List
What is Set?
Write code to create Set, adding item, and update Set
Write note on Python Inheritance
What is Variable?
Explain Variable with example
Answer the following: (ANY ONE) (04) Whiat is use of pass keyword in code?
Explain with proper example
Describe for loop with example
Explain the datatypes to which is store the data in a key-value pair format Answer the following: (ANY ONE) Explain Python Exception with its common types
What do you mean by Class and Object?
Write code that create an instance of the class
Write a short note on external device. 2
What is Disk Storage?
Explain the component of disk? 3
What is ROM?
Explain the types of ROM. 4
What is cache memory?
Explain the advantages & disadvantages of it? 5
Write a short note on IP-Address. 6
Explain DORA process in detail. 7
Write a short note on ADDS
Write a short note on different types of Ports available in network. 2
Write a short note on Input device of network
Explain the types of software error? 2
What is secondary memory?
Explain the characteristics of it?
Write a short not on intranet internet and extranet with proper example
Write a short note on four different command of DHCP with its proper use. 2
Whatis the difference between computer group policy and user group policy with proper example?