SECTION-I Answer the following: (Any Five out of Seven) What do you understand by ASP.NET ?
Explain its advantages
Explain ASP.NET application life cycle in detail
List out validation controls
Explain any two in detail with example
Explain fileupload control with example
Can you explain the use of caching?
Describe its types
Answer the following: (any two) What do you understand by resources and resource management?
Explain any five basic controls with properties, methods and events
Answer the following: (any two) What do you understand by web service?
Discuss its implementation in ASP.NET
What is AJAX?
Explain the basic control of AJAX
Justify the use of store procedure with example
Discuss its types
Write ASP.NET application that shows the use of any two state management techniques
Justify that PHP is server-side scripting language. : How can you pass information between pages in PHP?
Explain with example
Explain di ferent file reading and writing functions of PHP. on
How sessions are handled in PHP?
What is MySQL?
How can you connect PHP with MySQL?
How can you customize site in WordPress?
What is Joomla?
How it is different from WordPress?
Explain features of Joomla
What is cookie?
How can you create and manage cookie in PHP?
How PHP handles errors and exceptions?
Explain WordPress users
Explain different user groups of Joomla
List out Type of Operating System and Explain any one in detail
What is Process?
Explain Process State Diagram in detail
Discuss Bounded-Buffer Problem in detail
Write a short note on Safe State Diagram
Define Swapping in detail
Discuss Features of UNIX
Explain Critical Section Problem in detail
Explain FCFS Scheduling Algorithm with Example
Answer the following: (Any Two) What is Deadlock?
Explain Deadlock Characterization
Differentiate Logical and Physical Address
Explain While Loop with example
Write down steps to configure VLAN in Packet Tracer. 3 Write a short note on BGP. 4 Explain Active directory lightweight services in brief. 5 Explain RIP with limitations. 6 Discuss the firewall in brief. 7 Explain the virtualization with its types
Explain Intra domain routing and Inter domain routing in brief
Explain VPN in detail