List out validation controls
Explain any two in detail with its key properties
Explain listbox and dropdownlist controls with example
Explain gridview control with properties, events and methods
What is web service?
How to implement it in ASP.NET application
Explain theme and skin file in designing perspective of ASP.NET
Differentiate application and session state management techniques
Explain fileupload control with example
Answer the following: (any two) What is AJAX?
Explain the basic control of AJAX
What is stored procedure?
Describe its advantages in application
Explain detailview and formview controls with example
Answer the following: (any one) What is state management?
Explain viewstate and querystring techniques
Explain the use of cookies
Discuss its types
Explain the advantages of PHP
Explain the purpose of $_GET, $ POST and $ REQUEST with suitable example
Give the difference between session and cookie
How can you create and use cookie in PHP?
Explain with example
How can you handle errors in PHP?
Explain different PHP-MySQL data fetching methods
How can you create posts in WordPress?
Explain Joomla architecture in brief
SECTION-II Answer the following (ANY 2) What is the difference between index array and associative array in PHP?
Explain different associative array sorting functions with example
How can you read contents from .csv file in PHP?
Give the difference between include(), require(), include_once() and require_once()
Explain the advantages of MySQL
Explain the roles and responsibilities of Admin, Editor and Author users of WordPress
How it is differed from WordPress?
Explain backend user groups of Joomla
Create a sample site in Joomla and customize it
Write down steps to do so. [ (30) (12) (12) (06)
Answer the following: (Any 5) [30] (A) What is Process?
Explain Process State Diagram in detail
Explain Critical Section Problem in detail
What is Deadlock?
Explain Deadlock Characterization
Discuss Swapping
Write a short note on Paging
Discuss Reader-Writer Problem in detail
Explain Safe State Diagram with example
Define Segmentation. 4, Answer the following: (Any 1) [06] (A) Explain Type of Shell
Explain ls Command and we Command with Example
Explain Active directory lightweight directory services in brief
Write down difference between static routing and dynamic routing
Explain Active directory certificate services in brief
Discuss remote desktop sharing with suitable example
Write down steps how to add new users to Active Directory. aaw fF Wn Discuss Distance vector routing with its limitations
Write a short note proxy server. ne Explain various types server in detail in VLAN with types in brief. hud Exp) 1 Explain various DHCP allocation methods in detail. 2 Explain domain and forest in brief. 3
Write a short note on Server Virtualization
Answer the following: (Any Five) What are the roles and responsibilities of Business Analyst?
Explain RASCI matrix technique of analyzing Stakeholders
Explain Elements of Questionnaires
What are the various sources of data?
Explain in brief
How to deal with missing data?
Explain methods for it
Discuss Knowledge areas in Business Analysis. 2
What is Stakeholder?
Explain various categories of Stakeholders. 3
What is Business Analytics?
Explain its types. 3, Answer the following: (Any Two) 1
Explain Workshop process in detail. 2
Explain Brainstorming Technique in detail. 3
What is Data Classification?
Explain its methods. 4, Answer the following: (Any One) 1
Explain various tools for Business Analytics. 2
What is data validation?
Write down the steps to solve data validation problems using Excel